# 1
# WORK IN THE SHADOWS
### MYYRMÄKI, VANTAA, FINLAND
### 10:44PM, EEST
### JUNE 2ND, 2027
#### LYLA ANTTONEN, 20

A large nightclub in Vantaa was alive with bright lights. They came from every orifice of the building, oozing and spilling out onto the outside. It was like a beacon in the middle of nowhere. People inside danced, drank, and all of them were having a good time. But outside of the club, perched on an old, rusting billboard that had a decades old ad plastered on it, a lone person watched the club through a pair of binoculars. They were wearing a dark grey coat with a popped collar, half buttoned up. Underneath it, they had on a tight turtleneck that looked constricting - and finally, they were wearing dark black jeans, and combat boots. Carefully looking at every single person they could see on the roof, in the courtyard...everywhere. When someone passed by the windows, they watched. Waiting. *Paskiainen...where is he?* She lowered her binoculars, *Fucking asshat. I bet he's caught on by this point.* If her target, the one she'd been *paid* to kill, had somehow caught on, that meant he'd either stay inside, or leave. And she would've caught him leaving by now. The bright orange and green lights emanating out of the club silhouetted most of the people, but the target's body type would make him easy to spot. She knew this. Lyla had been watching him for most of the last day. In fact, she'd picked up that he'd be here tonight from one of his own bodyguards. Hearing the music in the distance, Lyla couldn't help but frown. She *hated* loud music like this. It was going to be almost cathartic, killing someone in a place like this. Somewhere she despised. Remembering that she did in fact have to kill him, she opened up the large, sturdy briefcase sitting beside her on the billboard. A sniper rifle, taken apart to fit in the case, was inside. She started to pull the parts out and slowly slide them together. She slid the barrel onto the receiver, twisting it so it fit properly. She slid the large scope over the Picatinny rail that ran along the top of the rifle. Finally, she attached the folding stock and a large, bulky suppressor. There wasn't enough space for her to lie down, so Lyla wouldn't be able to use a bipod. Instead of trying to hold it awkwardly, she propped the barrel up with her left forearm, taking hold of the pistol grip with her right hand. Peering down the scope with one of fiery orange-red eyes, she watched. 

She carefully watched the courtyard in the middle of the nightclub. Dozens of people were outside, chatting. Drinking. The crosshair of her rifle slid over them slowly, pointing at their heads before moving on to the next person. *Not him. Not him, either.* She pointed her rifle towards one of the many windows showing the inside of the nightclub. Lyla looked through them carefully. She was already impatient, so where the hell was he? And then she aimed her rifle down at the front doors. And there he was. The man seemed to be waving goodbye to someone. And that someone was a woman. *...The contract came from his wife.* Lyla remembered. *Think she must've been pissed enough at him to get someone to kill him. I wonder what he did...* But that didn't matter. Not to her father, anyways. She was only here to kill him. Slowly, Lyla steadied her aim. The crosshair was dead-on with the back of the man's head. *You're dead, you piece of shit.* And swiftly, she pulled the trigger. A quiet *thnk* and a powerful recoil pushed the rifle back, slamming the butt of the stock into Lyla's shoulder. Everything seemed to slow down as the bullet pierced through the air, flying straight towards the back of the man's head. The rifling from the barrel had put a spin on the bullet. Everything had lined up for a *perfect* kill. Lyla watched through the scope as the bullet made contact, and blew a hole in her target's head. It pierced through his skin, his *skull,* tore through his brain, and came out the other side. And she smiled as he hit the ground. The distant screams of panic told her all she needed to know. Lyla lowered the rifle slowly, and started to take it apart, and put it back in its briefcase. She clicked it shut. Pulling out her phone, she hesitated for a moment. *I did it.* She was supposed to call her father when it was done. *I've done it. So why am I getting a bad feeling?* Shaking her head, she relented. Calling her father, Lyla held the phone up to the side of her head. "Yes?" Her father's monotone voice answered. "He's down." Lyla said. "Tell the wife." Her father inhaled, "Right. Move to your safehouse in the area, I've got something else for you. And don't even *think* about taking a break." She frowned. *Fuck you.* Was her only response to that, but if she said it, her father would probably kill her. 

"...Yes." Lyla said, simply. "Yes *sir.*" Her father corrected. Grumbling, Lyla fixed her response. "Yes, sir." And she hung up. *Paskiainen.* She thought, as she picked up the briefcase and climbed her way back down the billboard. The ground was solid. There weren't many trees in the area- to her disadvantage. If someone saw her near here, they might connect her to the hit. So she quickly left, heading towards one of the small safehouses her father had as part of his hitman business. *Business. Pssht.* As if it could even be called that. Lyla had been doing this for four years now, and she failed to see the reason why. Most people, like the contract she'd just finished, wanted someone killed for wronging them. *A cheater. A robber. Someone who committed corporate espionage.* Other times, it would be businesses- large companies that wanted something hidden. And usually, this was done by killing the one who'd been trying to leak whatever secrets they wanted to stay buried. As Lyla drew closer to the safehouse, in a large apartment complex, she began to see people: most were out for a walk at night, others looked lost. *Not like I care, though.* Lyla watched them as she passed by, as if they were curiosities, and not people. She'd had friends in school, of course, but that must have been years ago by now. The only people she talked to were her relatives. Her parents. Her grandparents. Aunts and uncles. All of them benefitted from Lyla doing hits. But she hated *all* of them. They were insufferable at best, and rage filled at worst. Every time she could, she'd avoid them. It was the one time that taking contracts would help her. A large family dinner? *No thanks, I've got a hit to do. You benefit from it, so don't complain.* But other than that, it was a repeating cycle. Hit, sleep, wake up, hit. There was never time for anything else. Casually walking into the apartment complex, she headed up to the safehouse on the fifth floor. The building was drab on the inside: the usual carpeted floor stained slightly from use, and wooden doors and doorframes for every apartment. Lyla walked down the dim hallway of the fifth floor, heading towards the end. Pulling out a keyring with a dozen or so keys on it, she fumbled, trying to find the correct key. After a few seconds of trying keys, she found the correct one. The lock *clicked* open, and she stepped into the safehouse. It was mostly empty. The only light in the room was off. Realizing how tired she was, Lyla sat down on the small couch propped against the wall. She set the suitcase down on the floor, and leaned back. Lyla exhaled. And inhaled. And exhaled. 

Not feeling like getting up, she sat in the dark. Shadows loomed over the whole apartment, the only light coming from the open windows. It only took a few minutes for her phone to ring. Groaning, she pulled it out and answered. "Got something that requires a little more work. Target's up in Helsinki." Her father said, plainly. *Helsinki? Must be important.* She thought, before responding, "What's it for? Any details?" Sitting up, she waited for her father's response. "Seems like a big one. Our, uh, *client,* has asked us to kill him. He owns a large pharmaceutical company, so I did a bit of digging. S'called PALMER-EDEN." *Palmer whatnow?* Lyla figured this must've been some bullshit start-up. "Sounds like BS." Lyla responded. "...It's not." Her father grunted. "Big in America, so I hear. Our client's paid us a metric fuckton to get rid of him. Sounds like competition to me." *Competition...* Lyla smiled. "Alright. Sounds like fun." Her father didn't respond for a good few seconds, before saying, "No. It's work." Lyla's smile immediately turned right back into a frown. "...Right. Just give me the location." And she hung up.

# 2
# DEADLOCKED
### HELSINKI, FINLAND
### 1:21AM, EEST
### JUNE 3RD, 2027
#### LYLA ANTTONEN, 20

She was, once again, set up with a sniper rifle. Lyla was on top of another apartment building, overlooking a private home. Her scope was trained on the living room window. The living room was incredibly modern, maybe too much so. But it was clear that the target had only just arrived: boxes were stacked up around the living room and other adjacent rooms, making it difficult to see anyone. But she knew everybody in the house was still awake. The target was *right* in her scope, all she had to do was take the shot. But one thing stopped her. The window. The window was *closed,* and it would shatter if she shot it. She hesitated, flinching at every movement the target made, as if he was about to disappear entirely. *Palmer.* On her way to Helsinki, she'd tried to do a little bit of research. PALMER-EDEN was a massive company in the U.S.A (*eugh*) and its stock prices were through the roof. They were revolutionary, apparently, in the medical field. Biomechanics. Cybernetics. Even drugs. It's like they had every corner covered. And this was the man behind it all. *"Eden" my ass. Who picks the Garden of Eden to be in their company's title?* That was something arrogant people did. And the zoomed-in image she could see of the man through her scope definitely gave her that vibe. He looked slightly worn, with straggly hair and a thin beard. Glasses too. Palmer looked like someone who'd been through hell, but came out smiling. And her scope was trained on him. One single pull of her trigger, and he'd be dead. His company would probably collapse without his "genius", whatever it was. She just had to do it. But it's almost as if something was holding her back. Something inside her pushed her to *think* for once. She wanted to find out what he'd done to deserve a hit. From her, no less. What kind of thing was this man doing behind closed doors? Lyla found herself strangely mesmerized...as if Palmer wasn't just a curiosity, but an investigation that she could embark on. He'd done something. The amount of money her father had been paid was *staggering,* and had to come from either someone in the company, or, like her father suggested, a rival. 

Lyla continued to stare down the scope, at Palmer. He was busy unpacking a box full of what looked like lab equipment. *The perfect distraction. Just pull the trigger.* Her mind told her. But something else inside her said, *Put the rifle down. Sneak in. Investigate what he's done, if anything.* The two sides started fighting with each other. *What if he's done nothing?* Her rational mind said. *Then he shouldn't die. It would just be some petty shithead paying you to off someone. That's not fun, is it?* But that feeling inside her responded, *But if he has done something, then he would be worth killing. One more bad egg disappearing from the face of the Earth is never a bad thing.* Lyla shook her head and firmly told herself, *Just. Pull. The trigger.* And as she set her index finger against the trigger, she felt that her choice was made. Just like before, she pulled the trigger. In the same position as before, her rifle slammed into her shoulder from the heavy recoil. The quiet *thnk* from the suppressor as the bullet exited it. The bullet pierced through the air cleanly, heading straight for Palmer's head. But then, as if the universe decided she'd made the wrong choice...Palmer's wife stopped at the window, clearly about to open it. Watching through her scope, Lyla barely had any time to react. "What th-" She gasped. *No, no, get out of the-* but then the window shattered. Blood went everywhere. She'd missed. Lyla had hit his wife. Lyla had made a mistake.

A kind of numbness that she had never felt before washed over her. Lyla had never missed, had she? This had never happened before. This could *not* be *fucking* happening. It felt as though she was watching in slow motion as Palmer realized what had happened, rushed to his wife's body, and noticed the shattered window, in addition to the bullet wound. He got up, and looked out of the window. And he *saw* her. Perched on the rooftop above their house, silhouetted by the moon. And he looked *right* into her scope, startling her. Quickly, she pulled the sniper apart and stuffed it into its briefcase. *Need to move. Need to.* Her mind had switched to an almost primal response in its panic. Her mind was set on getting out. She couldn't even be bothered to take another shot, because Lyla knew she would miss. Pulling herself up, she almost dropped the briefcase when she heard a gunshot come *from* the house. "Fuck1" She spat, abandoning the briefcase and instead sprinting back towards the rooftop entryway. Rushing down the stairs and into the apartment complex, she was almost *immediately* stopped by security officers wearing white and black. They had body armor. "Stop *right* there!" One of them screamed, pulling out a pistol. Lyla skidded to a stop and realized she didn't have any other weapons. Not even a pistol. And she wasn't good at hand-to-hand combat, either. But that didn't matter, because the security officers immediately rushed at her. The one with the firearm tried to shoot her, which she narrowly dodged around. The other quickly grabbed hold of her and yanked her arms behind her back. "Got you, you little worm." The officer grunted, as Lyla desperately tried to struggle. *Can't. Can't get caught. CANNOT. GET CAUGHT!* Her mind screamed. She fought harder and harder to break free of the officer's grip when something happened to him. He suddenly yelled in pain and let go. Turning around to look at him, in shock, Lyla noticed that he had multiple stab wounds through his abdomen. Right where her hands would've been. And then...she looked down at her hands. Her hands had turned into metal *claws.* As if her body had somehow recognized she was in danger, it had changed. But how? And why? *What the actual FUCK?* But she quickly whipped back around and used her newfound metal claws to tear through the second officer. It didn't require much precision, but blood went *everywhere,* spewing onto her. Lyla tore the claws out from the officer and sprinted down the hallway. Her hands slowly turned back to normal as she got out of the conflict, rushed down the stairs, and stumbled out of the complex. 

Lyla quickly ran across the road and towards another one of the safehouses, this time a small shipping container that had been left in an alleyway. She rushed down the sidewalk and ducked into the alleyway, constantly looking behind her. Not only had Palmer seen her, she'd left evidence of her existence behind. The sniper rifle in the briefcase. The guard that she just tore apart. The one that was still *living.* But she didn't have time to think about it, as she climbed into the shipping container and pulled the heavy metal doors closed. 
