This file is for disconnected fight scenes being written for other parts
(Part & place in the story will be denoted)

# ?
# BARRACUDA
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 9:50PM, CST
### OCTOBER 10TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/43oL3xToiRxHeaatOHD2im?si=60cf293528014e37 
##### BARRACUDA - Sega Sound Team, 83key - LIKE A DRAGON 8 Infinite Wealth

Cisila skidded to a stop, her shoes grinding against the dusty concrete floor. Breathing heavily, she felt her muscles scream. The amount of men that Mikhail seemed to have sent to stop her was staggering. But somehow...she'd gotten through them. Granted, she was bruised and bleeding, but that never stopped her before. Keeling over for a second, she caught her breath. Sweat ran down her face, which she wiped off with the back of her hand. Shaking her head, she stood back up. The unfinished floor she'd gotten to was barren: thick concrete pillars surrounded the edge of the floor, and in the middle...was Lyla. She was to a flimsy metal chair with thick cables, and looked as though she hadn't been touched. *That's odd.* Cisila thought, taking a few steps towards Lyla. "...Lyla?" Cisila whispered loudly. Lyla stirred. She looked up at Cisila slowly; Lyla looked tired. But something seemed to flash behind Lyla's eyes when she saw Cisila. It was almost like a switch flipped. "C- Cisila?!" Lyla gasped. "What-" She tried to find something else to say to Cisila, but just stared in shock. "...What's wrong?" Cisila asked. "Are- are you alright?" Lyla groaned, and shook her head. "No." She admitted. "These cables are pretty tight..." Cisila's lip twitched and she walked up to Lyla, reaching towards the cables. "No worries- I can...get these off you." She grabbed onto one of the cables and pretended to pull a knife out from her pocket, when in reality, it constructed itself in her hand. Cisila pressed the knife against the cable and attempted to cut it. Whatever these cables were made out of, they wouldn't budge. She sliced, and sliced. No dice. Nothing. "It won't cut- I don't-" And then suddenly, as she pulled her arm away, the cables loosened and tore themselves apart. Cisila stared in confusion as Lyla slowly got up. "Lyla-?" She said, when suddenly, Lyla's hands transformed. Metal claws took over her fingers, clicking together. Cisila stared down in confusion. *What...the fuck?* "I'm sorry." Lyla said, staring right into Cisila's eyes. "If I'd known it was you, I'd've stopped." *Huh?*  Cisila took several steps back, eyes locked onto Lyla. "What the hell do you mean?!" Cisila said, panicking. "Mikhail..." Lyla started, "...said to act as if I was captured to get the attention of his next target. He said I'd know who it was." She spoke quietly. Blankly. As if she was trying to force all emotion out of her voice. Not only that, Cisila couldn't read her expressions. *She's like a blank slate. What the hell?*

Lyla flexed her now claw-like fingers, which clicked menacingly along the joints. Cisila's head was spinning. *Mikhail told her?* She thought. *Is she working with Mikhail?* Her mind spun through various scenarios, and she felt her stress rising. *She could've been watching me this whole time. I was right there. In her own store. Mikhail knew what I was doing from the start, didn't he?* No. That wasn't right. Lyla seemed genuinely shocked that it was Cisila. She shook her head, "Lyla-" But Lyla kicked the cheap metal chair behind her away, and it clattered to the floor, cutting off Cisila. "Stop." Lyla spat, "I'll do what I have to." Cisila felt her eyes go wide as Lyla seemed to disappear for a moment. As if she was a hologram, she'd disappeared in a blitz. Rushing forward, Cisila looked around wildly, "LYLA?!" She yelled. "LYLA, WHERE DID YOU GO?!" There had to be a reason behind this. Lyla was polite- right? She wouldn't ever think to hurt a single hair on even the tiniest fly. Mikhail had to be forcing her, somehow. But then, her mind wrapped around perhaps the biggest realization. Lyla, too, was an Ultima. *And if she's not an idiot, then she knows I am, too.* Which meant her cover was completely blown. And when that happened, there was no reason to leave whoever it was alive. Cisila flinched. *I need to stay safe. I've got to do this.* Her EXO sprawled out around her chest, her arms, and her legs. A small metal jaw guard folded out and held on tightly to her jaw. "Lyla!" She yelled again, "Where are you?!" Cisila desperately didn't want to fight Lyla. But as soon as the thought crossed her mind, Lyla re-appeared. Like a blur, she appeared on the far side of the unfinished floor. And just as fast as she disappeared, she broke into a sprint towards Cisila. *Oh, shit-* Cisila realized, *Words aren't going to get through to her, are they? She seems desperate.* Cisila broke into a sprint towards Lyla, and the two were running straight at each other. In a split second decision, Lyla leaped into the air, lunging at Cisila with her claws. Cisila slid down across the barren concrete, and it finally clicked. Her mind was set. *This is it.* Lyla's claws slid closer to her as Lyla flew over her. She landed, and Cisila slid to a stop, leaping back onto her feet. She whipped around to face Lyla, who was rushing towards her again. Once more, Lyla leaped into the air. But this time, she leaped far higher and went into a triple corkscrew, spinning through the air. Cisila raised her fists in a defensive position, one closer to Lyla, and her other hand splayed to protect her face. Lyla's metal claws whipped towards Cisila's face, but before they could make contact, Cisila slammed her fist into Lyla's lower jaw. The force of Cisila's punch broke Lyla's motion, and she fell to the floor. Swiftly pulling herself back, Cisila constructed her sword. "Are you trying to kill me!?" She yelled. Lyla got up slowly, and flexed her claws again. *"Yes."* She snarled, "Or *he'll* kill *me."*
