# 1
# SHATTER
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 2:35PM, CST
### MARCH 4TH, 2034
#### KASEY, 25

Kasey leaned back in her comfortable leather chair, behind her mahogany desk, in her office. The sun was bleeding through and washing the room in a bright light. It was the afternoon. And just a couple of minutes ago, she'd gotten a call. A case. Something to do. Silently, she twirled her pen between her fingers. *It's not a normal case, though.* Her mind rattled off. *The guy sounded really nervous about it...* She leaned forward and pulled her notebook out from one of the drawers in her desk, opening it up and putting it down on the desk. Kasey hovered the pen over the paper. *Where to start?* Her mind flashed through everything the man had told her. *Cult. Theft. Murder.* There was a cult in Chicago. One that nobody had heard about, seeming to worship some kind of...omnipotent thief. Kasey set her pen against the paper, and started scratching away notes. *Murders, possibly accidental according to client.* She wrote. Her mind flicked through possible conclusions, trying to connect the murders to something else. The way the man had described them *had* made them seem accidental, but that was something that, with proper know-how, could be staged easily. Or it could indeed have been accidental. But all the murders were victims of the theft done by the cult. *Cult.* She wrote, simply. There was no name for it, no symbol, even- that she knew of. The client couldn't give her one. Her mind rattled off possible locations for the cult: *Sewers. Parks. Old buildings.* Like a slideshow, Kasey's mind flashed through previous cases. Homeless people who murdered, while living in the parks. A lost dog, in the sewers. *And how I met Cisila.* She smiled. A client in a panic had called Kasey, explained what they'd seen, and Kasey immediately took up the job. It was too much not to - a strange, masked vigilante killing criminals? It was the kind of thing Kasey needed in her portfolio. But what she got was something so much more. When she'd finally found the vigilante...it was just a girl. A girl with no connections. No friends. Nothing. When Kasey pulled the mask off of Cisila, she saw something nobody else had. A person - a real human being. She had a reason...and it was one of the few times Kasey had abandoned a case. There was something to Cisila...the anxiety deep in her, the look she gave Kasey. It was then that Kasey herself realized what she'd also been missing. A friend, someone to help out.

When Kasey finished writing down her ideas, she put the pen down. Her mind, having turned to Cisila, seemed to suggest calling her. She'd be interested in this case, no doubt. But as she reached for her phone, Kasey paused. *No.* Her mind rattled. *It's only been a couple of months since she's...* it trailed off. Cisila had been nearly brutally injured in December, by her ex-boyfriend, Mikhail. A murderer. Kasey had gotten several calls about the case. She'd been the one to tip off Cisila, and start her investigation. Kasey had had no idea that she'd join Cisila in a desperate fight against a man whose faculties had faded away. A pale imitation of man, and a husk bent on killing, with a morbid fascination with the human body and its organs. That fight was the first time that Kasey was able to put her martial arts to the test. But she'd gotten plenty of support then, and she herself acted as support for Cisila...but alongside Kasey, was Cisila's girlfriend, Lyla. She was an interesting woman, but not the focus of Kasey's mind...the other person who'd joined them, begrudgingly. A man named Zephyr, a Brotherhood member. The Brotherhood were like the invisible wall of defense that Chicago was built on. They took down as much crime as they could within Chicago's borders, and had eyes everywhere. Kasey knew they'd been keeping an eye on her the moment they'd stolen evidence from her: for their own purposes. But Zephyr had this look to him...it made a little butterfly appear in her stomach. The first time she'd met Zephyr was when Lyla, in a panic, had saved Cisila from Mikhail and needed support. Kasey had taken them in, and soon enough, a higher-up in the Brotherhood showed up. Kasey recognized them- Dani. One of Cisila's other lone contacts. With them was Zephyr. However, the first time she met eyes with Zephyr, she couldn't help but feel a radiating *hate* come from him. But something about that made Kasey smile, and as she leaned back into her chair again, she got an idea. After the incident, Dani had given her the phone numbers to several Brotherhood members - including themselves and Zephyr - in case she needed support. And with a strange case like this, and Cisila out of action for the foreseeable future, Kasey felt herself giggle a little bit. She'd get to call Zephyr, and get him to help her. The Brotherhood's connections were sure to have picked up *something* along the lines of what the client had described, and if not, then they'd just have to find something themselves. She didn't *care* if Zephyr didn't like her. Kasey just needed a bit more time with him.

Quickly, she picked her phone up and scrolled through her contacts. Laying eyes on Zephyr's contact, she joyfully called him, leaning back in her chair again, as it gave the slighest creak. Her phone buzzed and buzzed for a few seconds before Zephyr picked up. "...Yes?" He muttered. "I need your help." She said, trying to disguise her glee. "I, uh..." Kasey picked up her notebook, shoving the feelings out for a moment. "Cisila's out of commission for a while, and I need someone to help me with a case I just got." She explained. "Right." Zephyr grumbled. "Why me?" He asked. Kasey bit her lip for a moment, trying to figure out what to say. "Uh..." She mumbled. "Didn't know anyone else. Dani's...probably busy." It was the best thing she had on hand. "Okay." Zephyr sighed. "Do you want me to come to your office? I need the details," He muttered, "and I'd rather not do it over the phone." Kasey nodded, even though Zephyr couldn't see. "Yeah. Yeah, yeah- sure. I'll explain it when you get here. I-" But Zephyr hung up on her. Kasey snorted to herself, and instead decided to call Cisila. She wouldn't ask for her help, but...Kasey was worried about her. Not just the physical injuries, but the mental trauma that must have come from all the shock. Kasey was familiar with it, but...not to that extent. Battling your own girlfriend, who was working under threat of blackmail for your ex-boyfriend. It felt like a horrible coincidence, but as Kasey had figured out...it really wasn't. Mikhail was smart enough to spy on Cisila from the beginning. She had something he wanted: Ultima. He hadn't discovered someone with Ultima yet, other than Cisila. And with no feelings of remorse, Mikhail planned to kill her. Quietly. Finding out who Cisila was interested in, Mikhail dug up blackmail on Lyla. He was just as thorough as Kasey herself would be with a background check. He'd found out Lyla's former career as a hitwoman, before she abandoned her family. Mikhail used this against her, threatening to reveal that Lyla was alive to her family if he didn't do what he said. Kasey felt herself frown, and her brow furrow as she remembered this. And then the fight. Cisila's loss, her subsequent capture, and Lyla's change of heart. And then she'd had to battle Mikhail, getting beaten half to death. In the end, in an incredibly showcase of her mental fortitude (Kasey thought so, at least) Cisila had spared Mikhail, instead of letting her rage take over. Mikhail would face subsequent punishment...the true end all of crime. Maximum security prison. Kasey called Cisila, and leaned back in her chair again. 

"...Yeah?" Cisila answered, still sounding tired. "Hey." Kasey said, smiling. She tapped the arm of her desk chair, "How are you holding up?" She asked. Cisila inhaled deeply, which Kasey could just hear. "I...well," Cisila mumbled, "Still a bit numb. Not sure how these have...lasted so long," she said, awkwardly laughing. "It's creepy, in a way, y'know..." Kasey nodded, and replied, "Yeah. Yeah...it is. How's Lyla?" She slyly asked. Cisila exhaled through her nose, out of amusement. "She's with me right now, actually..." she muttered. Kasey couldn't help but smile more. "You *do* sound happier than usual." She said. "So do you..." Cisila pointed out, a hint of smug present in her voice. "Something up?" Kasey paused. "...Good question." She muttered, her mind flashing images of Zephyr. They were clear. Extremely clear. "I- well...since you're not able to help out, I..." She tried to explain. "...I called Zephyr for help." There was a pause. Cisila snickered over the phone. "...Shoulda known." She muttered. "What do you need him for?" Cisila asked. Kasey 'hmm'ed for a moment, "A case. Kind of an oddity, otherwise I'd go solo." She admitted. "He just happened to be my only choice, so...I..." she paused. "...Yeah, I happily took the chance." Cisila laughed again. "I'll talk to you later, though. Just...have a good day, okay?" Kasey said. "Yeah. Yeah-" Cisila mumbled. "See you later?" Kasey nodded, "Yeah! Absolutely. Sayonara." and she hung up. Putting her phone down, Kasey looked down at her notes. The client had also given her some information over text...his personal observations. If she could get Zephyr to connect the dots to something the Brotherhood had seen, she'd be set. If not...that was just more work to do. But Kasey always loved a challenge.
