# -- 1 --
# -- FLASH, BAM, ALAKAZAM --
### August 15th, 2035
### Libya
### 18:05, Military Time, Eastern European Standard Time
### SGT. Cisila J. Siveta, 25

The blazing heat of the sun beat down on the sand. The rocks. Heat waves surrounded Cisila as she sat, hidden in a cluster of large boulders. In her hands was a large anti-materiel rifle chamber in .50 BMG. It could take down a tank, but in her hands, in this moment, it would blow the enemy's heads apart. Cisila was fitted in desert combat gear, camouflaged in the sandy rocks. Against her better judgment, Cisila had ended up here. It had been months since Adam's destruction, and the U.S government had found her. They'd forced her to keep quiet. They had forced her into a squad of other Ultima, who were constantly sent on suicide missions. This was one of them, but the squad, from Cisila's knowledge, has persevered through every single mission. They had survived, much to the chagrin of the U.S government. Not only did they survive, they were deadly efficient. Their captain, a woman named Kellien, had welcomed Cisila with open arms. The rest quickly accepted her. There was no need for arguments. They were all in this situation for the same reason: the U.S government had found them, and realized they were a danger. Their knowledge would collapse companies, and it seemed like Cisila was one of those, with her knowledge of PALMER-EDEN. As she sat waiting in the rocks, she wondered what everybody else had done to be discovered. To be captured. But her train of thought was quickly broken as the only sound in her vicinity blared in her ear. The crackling radio system. "T-minus three minutes, Six." Kellien's voice said. Cisila was designated Six. Slowly, she heaved the heavy and bulky sniper rifle up, positioning herself as comfortable as possible, and resting the tripod of the rifle on a rock. "Remember," Kellien said, "Don't hit our objective. He needs to be alive- I think." Cisila leaned forward, carefully holding onto the sniper and  staring down the scope. She held her left hand up into the air and felt the wind- there was none. No wind movement to account for. The only thing she needed to think about was height. Reaching towards the instruments on the scope, she started to adjust them, making her shot easier. Their target was a large, armored vehicle heading through Libya. It was an American vehicle, carrying a prisoner. Once Cisila hit the driver, and the vehicle came to a stop, the rest of the squad, called Delta squad, would pop out and shoot down anyone remaining. Cisila followed the dirt road from the horizon, down to where her vision was cut off by rocks. As she moved the sniper rifle down, the scope glinted in the light. She could see her fellow squadmates hiding behind rock formations as she scanned the road, waiting for the vehicle to appear. "Reminder that once we get him, we need to call in our extraction." Kellien said. "Does everybody understand? This isn't over until we get on the chopper." What followed was a series of confirmations from the other four squad members, and Cisila added, "Yes ma'am." as she returned to her original position, watching the road. Pulling back from the scope, Cisila pulled the bolt of the rifle back to check that the .50 BMG round was chambered properly. As the bolt slid back smoothly, she stopped it halfway- so as to not cause a jam. She could see the gold-coloured case of the bullet sitting neatly inside the chamber. Cisila snapped the bolt shut and flicked it downwards. "Everything's good up here, in case anyone's wondering." She said into her radio, which was strapped to her combat vest. "How's everyone else doing?" She asked.

"Burning up down here," Delta-Two said. His actual name was Dakota, and everybody referred to him as "Dak". After Kellien, he was the second member ever introduced to Delta Squad. "Once this is over, I'm taking a *cold* fucking shower." Dak muttered. "Feels like I've sweat through my gear already," Delta-Four said. Her name was Gaia, and she tended to be quite jittery- if anyone would mess up a mission, it would've been her. But even then, she never did. "I get that you're all dying of heat stroke out here," Kellien said, "But we need to focus." She was right. As Cisila looked down the scope again and let her finger lie on the trigger guard, she spotted the armored truck. "Tango spotted." Cisila rattled off, aiming the scope towards it, accounting for height. "Get ready to roll." Almost immediately, the radio went silent. Everybody waited for the vehicle to cross the invisible line where Cisila was supposed to shoot it. As it rolled along the dirt road, in the desert, it bounced and bumped softly along the uneven terrain. "Ready..." Kellien hissed. "Aim-" Cisila folded her finger down onto the hair trigger of the rifle. The large tires of the armored truck sent plumes of dust kicking up in its wake, as it rolled past. "FIRE!" Kellien yelled into her radio, and immediately, Cisila pulled the trigger. She had made sure the scope was lined up properly. The height was accounted for, aswell as the distance that the truck would travel in the time it would take for the bullet to reach it. In her head, she had done intensive math. The first thing that she felt was the entire rifle jolt backwards as the firing pin rammed into the bullet, igniting the gunpowder and sending the bullet flying out of the barrel, that of which was rifled and sent the bullet into an intense spin as it left the barrel. As the stock of the rifle shoved itself back into Cisila's shoulder, the rifle boomed, and the muzzle flashed. For all intents and purposes, it was *loud.* But the driver didn't have any time to react, as almost as soon as they'd heard the booming rifle, the bullet had crashed through the window, piercing it, and the bullet lodged itself in the driver's head, breaking through their helmet. They were dead, immediately. "Bingo." Cisila said, racking the bolt. With a slick *ching,* the smoking bullet casing flew out of the ejection port and fell to the rock floor with a rattle. The truck went out of control as soon as the driver's hands slid off the wheel, and within a few seconds, it had slid to a stop, wheeling around. As the truck came to a stop, the bullet lodged in the driver's head suddenly exploded- drenching the entire cabin in blood. "That's your signal," Cisila said, "Go get him."

She listened to the chatter of her squadmates as they climbed out of their hiding spots and converged on the truck. As they approached, Cisila spotted them through her scope. "Nothing's happening," Kellien hissed, approaching the truck slowly, her assault rifle raised. She forced open the passenger side door, and looked inside. "Looks like that exploding round killed the passenger- urgh- Kellien hissed, jumping back. The blood-covered corpse of the passenger fell out of the seat and hit the ground, spattering the dirt with blood. "Not a big deal." Kellien said, before climbing onto the stairs to get into the truck. While inside, she looked around. The rest of Delta Squad surrounded the vehicle, rifles trained on it. Kellien seemed to rummage through the truck, before swearing right into her radio. Hopping out of the truck, she held up another set of comms she'd pulled off the driver. "Just heard it off this," Kellien explained, "They know we're here." There was a crushing silence for a moment. *Shit,* Cisila thought. "You need to get out of there, then." She said. "You're sitting ducks like that, out in the open." The rest of the squad mumbled agreements, "They're probably sending someone to get us right now..." Delta-Four said. "Move, then!" Delta-Two said, "We need some cover. At least-" But whatever Two was going to say, he was cut off as they heard the roar of not one, but three more armored vehicles in the distance. Cisila felt her insides seize up as, in addition, she heard the whirring blades of a large chopper. "They were *waiting* for us..." Kellien hissed. "What kind of fucking setup..." She muttered, looking at the trucks in the distance. "Six, you've got clearance to take them out. Use the high-powered rounds, those low yield boys aren't going to penetrate the truck armor with their explosives." Cisila pulled the bolt back once more, letting the full cartridge of the low yield explosive bullet fling out, and she pulled the magazine out with a click. "You got it." She said, pulling another full magazine out of her vest. "If you can, aim for the drivers. It'd help." The squad acknowledged her request, and down below, they set up a small defense using the empty truck as a barrier. Cisila turned her attention towards the approaching trucks, and she snapped the bolt shut and pulled it down, chambering a round of the high-powered explosive bullets. First, she'd hit the trucks. And then, if she could, she'd aim for the approaching chopper. Cisila centered her scope on the trucks, adjusting for height. "Ready." She muttered.

"Fire when ready, Six." Kellien said. The squad had now set up properly, and it was up to Cisila to stop the approaching trucks. *They're just moving targets.* Her mind echoed. *You've done this a bunch of times.* But moving targets like these didn't feel as deadly. Large machineguns were mounted to the roofs of the trucks, with a soldier manning each. Through her scope, she couldn't quite make out the gear, but to her, it didn't matter either way. Cisila pulled the trigger again. The rifle boomed, the butt of the stock rammed into her shoulder, and the large .50 caliber bullet barreled straight towards the first of the armored trucks. Immediately upon impact, the bullet exploded. The armored truck was engulfed in flame and smoke, and Cisila pulled the bolt back, and with a *ka-ching,* the bullet's casing flew out. She slid the bolt back into place with a click and set her sights on the second truck. It was rolling slightly faster than the other two, meaning she would have to aim more carefully. For the second time, Cisila pulled the trigger. A deafening boom once more. The bullet flew right past the truck and exploded into the sand. She'd missed. Cycling the bolt with another *ching,* Cisila attempted to shoot again. The rifle shoved backwards as it boomed for the third time, and the bullet made contact with the rolling wheels of the truck. Exploding, it sent the truck onto its side. "Two down." Cisila said, scoping in on the third, and final truck. Her grip on the rifle tightened as she cycled the bolt for the fourth time, and moved the scope in front of the truck so as to catch it with the bullet. Firing once more, Cisila watched through her scope as the bullet hit the hood of the truck, pierced it, and exploded the engine inside. The entire truck erupted into flames, killing everyone inside. "Tangos down." She said, and she listened to the squad below cheer. "Great. Get the chopper out of commission, Six." Kellien said. Cisila pulled the sniper rifle off of its tripod and stood up, cycling the bolt again. It was a heavy rifle, and as she pulled the magazine out, dropped it, and inserted a new one, she struggled a little bit. Heaving it upwards and pushing the stock against her shoulder, she aimed at the circling chopper. It was a large, bulky chopper with armored plating and gatling guns strapped to the sides. It was painted in black, and looked serious. Her only option, Cisila assumed, was to shoot the rotors on the top. If she could break the engines, the chopper would drop from the sky like a stone.

She pulled the trigger. The first bullet whizzed straight past the rotors, not even connecting with one of the engines. Cisila cycled the bolt, and fired again. It too, missed. "Shit," She hissed, feeling her heart drop. Another cycle, and she pulled the trigger. Her aim was so off that the bullet went nowhere near the chopper as it circled. "I can't hit it." Cisila said, cycling the bolt once more. This time, she aimed for the chopper's cockpit as it turned towards her during its circling. A brief moment where she could hit it...and she pulled the trigger. The rifle slammed into her shoulder. The rifle boomed. The bullet crashed straight through the glass of the cockpit and exploded, burning up the two pilots. "Nevermind- bingo." She said. "Chopper's down, let's-" But she paused. The chopper's rotors stopped spinning and it started to plummet. And it was heading straight for her. As quick as she could, she strapped the heavy sniper rifle to her back pack and leaped off of her sniper's nest onto the hill. Colliding with the sand and dirt, she oriented herself to slide down the hill as fast as gravity would let her. Sand kicked up in her wake as she slid down. As she got far enough away, the helicopter collided with the sniper's nest and the rocks, crumpling and burning up. The wreckage creaked as it found its balance. Cisila slowly came to a stop at the foot of the sand, and dirt. "Holy fucking SHIT!" Delta-Two yelled, from across the road, where the squad now waited. "Great." Kellien said, turning on her radio. "Command, our target is missing. He wasn't on the transport. We were ambushed." She said. All she got was crackling white noise. "...Command?" She repeated. "Command, do you read me?" The squad slowly turned to look at Kellien, concerned. "...They're not answering?" Two asked. "Fuck. We need extraction." Kellien hissed, letting go of her radio. "We need to find a vantage point to make contact, if possible." She explained, and turned towards Two. "You've got a remote setup for communications, right? It should be more powerful than our personal ones." Two nodded, "Yeah. It'll take me a while to set it up, but once I do, we should be able to get in contact with them." He said. Cisila and the squad nodded, and Cisila looked around. There was a taller mountain in the distance, and she pointed to it. "That might be our best bet." She said. "Looks like a hike, though." Kellien said. "Buuut- we've got nowhere better. We're sittin' ducks out here, in the middle of this wreckage." The squad nodded, and Kellien started walking. "Come on. Let's go."


-


Several hours later, the squad was now sitting around a campfire about halfway up the mountain. Delta-Two was working on setting up a small communications station, parts mostly from his backpack, and a few others. Cisila was fiddling with her sniper rifle, trying to clean it. Darkness pressed down on everyone. "Aaagh, fuck." Two spat. The communications station flickered on and off. "I thought we'd have enough power," He muttered, "but we don't." Cisila looked up from her rifle and at the flickering station. "Great." She said, strapping her rifle to her backpack and making her way over. "Let me see." She sat next to Two and began flipping knobs on the station. "I dunno..." Two said, "I already tried that. Nothing happened." And just as he said, nothing happened. "Man." Cisila said, dejected. "Are we ever gonna get out of here?" Two shook his head, "I don't know. Doesn't seem like it." He sighed. Kellien put a hand on both of their shoulders and kneeled between them. "We'll be fine. I was just looking out at other areas in our vicinity, actually...and I saw something." She said. Cisila looked back at her, her visibly dim face. "What did you see?" Cisila asked. "A communications outpost. It looked American." Kellien said. "Someone needs to go there and get in contact with base." Cisila's brow furrowed. Kellien was looking at her weirdly. "I'm not doing that." She said, blankly. "There's no way." Kellien snorted. "Why not? You've done similar, haven't you?" Cisila cocked her head to the side, but nodded. "...Yeah. I guess." She couldn't ignore an order from Kellien. Stealth was *not* her strong suit, but if she had to do it, she would.
