This is the final few parts of PART 2 - VENGEANCE, and are obviously subject to change a lot.
Read at your own discretion.

# 1
# BELIEVE YOU
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 3:50PM, CST
### SOMETIME IN MAY, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila slowly heaved open the side of the train's carriage, and the sliding door she grabbed onto creaked and ground loudly as she pulled it. As the door ran along its grooves, Cisila got a look inside the train car. Lyla was inside - tied to a chair with powerful, strong cables. *So, Dani wasn't kidding. They knew what they were talking about.* Cisila thought, as she slowly climbed into the train car. Cisila had found the train car at the far back of a large train yard just outside the main city. Dani's information was spot-on. "Lyla," Cisila whispered. "Lyla!" Lyla suddenly looked up, blinking. "Cisila? Oh my God..." She immediately looked relieved, "Fuck...finally." Cisila quickly made her way over to Lyla and attempted to untie her. *These things again...* They seemed to be the same kind of cables that Mikhail had used to tie Cisila up in the old school. *Which means they're probably Palmer property.* In her hand, her knife appeared, and she tried to saw through the cables with it. "No dice," Cisila said. Lyla shook her head, "No. I...uh..." She mumbled, "...Adam's got something to tell you." Cisila looked up at Lyla, "What? Here?" Lyla shook her head. "He said there'd be...something here, I'm not sure..." But before she could even attempt to explain, the lights in the train car suddenly flicked on, and the crackle of large speakers filled Cisila's ears. She quickly got up and looked around, her eyes scanning the entire car. In the dark, she hadn't been able to see anything. But now, she could see the messy wiring of the lights and the speakers haphazardly placed around the train's ceiling. "It was really nice of you to join us," Adam's voice said, crackled slightly from the speakers' poor quality. "I'm glad." *Asshat.* How could he still act like this? He'd nearly torn the city in two. If anything, in a couple more days, the entire place might go under because of the dozens of riots and the barbaric PALMER-EDEN security force. "Now, you see...we've got a problem, here." Adam continued, "If you don't hand yourself and your Ultima friends in by 5PM, at the PALMER-EDEN tower, we'll hunt you down to the ends of the Earth." Cisila looked around to see if there were any cameras to look at, and, in the mess of wires, she spotted one. Looking right at it, she said, "You won't. You don't have any jurisdiction." At least, she thought they did. If she could get out of the country...no. She wouldn't leave, not until Adam and Palmer were down for the count. "Not that it matters, because I'll *kill* you for what you've done to the city." Cisila stared directly into the camera. *I swear to God...*

Adam took a moment to respond, but when his voice hit the speakers again, Cisila felt her heart drop. "You see, the thing is...we captured your friend, uh..." He seemed to look over, "...what's their name- Dani." Her eyes went wide. How had they gotten their hands on Dani? Dani took *every* precaution to stay hidden, in the dark. "And if you don't get your asses over here before 5, they die. But hey, I guess fixing problems matters more than your friend here, right?" Adam was definitely able to see Cisila's face as she went through a mix of emotions. Anger. Fear. And then more anger. "You-" Cisila tried to say, but she was cut off by the speakers crackling and fading out. "FUCK!" She yelled. "HE CAN'T JUST..." Lyla kicked Cisila's leg, and spat, "HEY. Calm down. Get me out of this, and we can go get Dani." Cisila grumbled, turned around, and cut through the thick cables with her blade instead of her knife. The cables snapped apart as soon as they had enough of a cut in them. Lyla jumped up and dusted herself off, and Cisila asked, "Are you alright?" Lyla nodded, smiling, "I'll live. Dani's who we need to worry about right now." Cisila nodded, and pulled out her phone. She quickly called Kasey, who, like usual, picked up near instantly. "Kasey, Dani's screwed. I need your help." She said, quickly. "Can you get a hold of Zephyr? We probably need him. An- and can you make your way to the PALMER-EDEN tower?" It seemed like too much to ask for. Kasey responded, "He's gotten Dani? Fuck. Okay. I'll go find Zephyr- no worries." Cisila nodded, and then simply said, "Thanks. Stay safe." And she hung up. Nodding at Lyla, the two dropped down out of the train car, "What's the plan?" Lyla asked. Looking at the city's skyline ahead of them, where smoke constantly rose. The only building not clouded by the thick smoke of fire was the PALMER-EDEN tower. Cisila looked at Lyla, and declared, "We go straight for the tower. Anyone that gets in our way *dies.* I won't let him kill Dani." Lyla nodded, "That's a bit more like it." She remarked. And as if the world were clockworks, the sliding doors of other train cars in the yard slid open, and squads PALMER-EDEN security climbed out of them. "...Starting with them." She said. *They were waiting here. They're our first obstacle. Adam doesn't want us to get there.* But that wasn't going to stop her. Cisila twirled her blade in her hand as her EXO sprawled out along her body, creating a thin armor around her arms and legs. She held onto her blade with both hands, and prepared to *kill them all.*

<sup><sub>Note: Cue In Full Blast from LIKE A DRAGON GAIDEN: THE MAN WHO ERASED HIS NAME</sub></sup>

As soon as the PALMER-EDEN security tried to rush at them, Cisila felt ready. It was like a switch had flipped in her. She ducked and dodged around their pitiful swings, and sliced their arms clean off before engaging the next. The next had a sword, but that wouldn't stop her. She locked blades with the security officer, and pushed back against him. She felt her muscles *scream* at her as she gripped her blade harder, slowly gaining advantage over the officer. Finally, Cisila knocked him to the floor and drove her blade through his sturdy mask, that covered his face. Whatever she'd done to his face, she wouldn't see. Letting go of the sword, and leaving it there, she deflected the third officer's attack off her, with her arm. Swiftly, she kicked him in the face by whipping around and raising her leg as high as it would go. He hit the ground, and as soon as he did, Cisila constructed her knife and drove it through his chest. Getting up, she was almost hit in the face by a blunt bat one of the officers was carrying, but before the swing could connect, Lyla drove her claws through the officer's face. The bat fell to the floor, and Lyla pulled her claws out. His face was unrecognizable. The two continued to take down the officers going up against them, and when the final one slammed against the wall and Cisila kicked him in the face, she and Lyla were covered in their blood. "We need to go." Cisila said, simply. She didn't feel like being sorry. They weren't trying to kill them, but that fact meant nothing. They were trying to stop Cisila from getting to the Tower. From getting to *Dani.* "Right on." Lyla said, "Lead the way. You probably know better than me." Cisila nodded, and immediately broke into a sprint, heading out of the train yard. Lyla followed close behind her, and the two made their back towards the city. The chaos in the streets was *not* going to stop them. As soon as they got to a main road, they climbed up onto the rooftops of the buildings. From there, they leaped to and fro the roofs, making their way closer to the Tower. Kasey would be there, and, hopefully, so would Zephyr. But as they parkoured their way towards the Tower, Cisila couldn't help but worry about Dani. The memories flashed through her head - every single time they'd saved Cisila - their swordsplay lessons, the reason Cisila knew how to use a sword - every moment that Dani comforted Cisila - it would all disappear in a flash if Cisila couldn't save them. She *had* to. It was like a debt that needed to be paid. Dani had done so much for Cisila, and she had done next to nothing for Dani. It was time to fix that.

Glancing down at the streets below, Cisila saw the continuing chaos. It looked like a *warzone.* Ever since Adam had broken open the biggest prison in the city, PALMER-EDEN security had been hard at work either capturing or killing them. And they had gone to *great* measures to do so. Gunfire filled the city streets, burned cars had turned into cover for gunmen, and any citizens still in the city had retreated to the outskirts. It wasn't safe. Chicago wouldn't be safe again until Adam was dead. Cisila knew that. Suddenly, she leaped off the building she'd been running across and dove for the street below. The street itself led straight towards the PALMER-EDEN Tower, and was probably the best way to get there. She didn't *care* anymore. Her mind was set on getting to Dani one way or another, and as she slid across the roofs of burned cars, she constructed her pistol. As soon as the six-shot revolver appeared in her hand, she slid to a stop. What looked like an *army* of PALMER-EDEN security officers had seemingly appeared out of nowhere. Cisila could've sworn that she hadn't seen them. But when she came to a stop, Lyla landed next to her. "Holy *fuck."* Lyla mumbled, staring out at the massive wall of security. "I...guess they were waiting for us." Cisila nodded, and mumbled, "Uh...seems kind of unfair." Lyla stared at the blockade. And then another voice appeared. "Let's hope we can make it a little less unfair." Cisila quickly turned her head and craned it to look behind her. Kasey slid over the hood of a car, followed by Zephyr. "Oh my God." She gasped. "Kasey!" Kasey walked up next to Cisila, and Zephyr went next to Kasey. Cisila turned her attention back towards the wall of security officers. "Shouldn't be too much of a problem." Zephyr said, adjusting the thick leather gauntlet on his right hand. "Just have to get a little messy. Looks like you two already did so, though." He cocked his head at Cisila and Lyla, who were still bloodstained. 

Kasey nodded, "Been waiting for an excuse to do this, if I'm being honest." She slowly pulled two semi-auto pistols out of her jacket. Lyla's hands turned into claws once more. Cisila swapped her gun for her blade, and constructed a knife with her left hand. "This is going to hurt..." She muttered. "But *not* for us." 

The four shifted into their battle stances, hands raised. Zephyr had no weapons, but didn't need any. Lyla had her claws. Cisila had her blades. And Kasey had her guns. If this was how they were going to die, at least there would be a reason.

<sup><sub>Note: Cue Receive and Believe You from LIKE A DRAGON 8: INFINITE WEALTH</sub></sup>

# 2
# RECEIVE YOU
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 4:13PM, CST
### SOMETIME IN MAY, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
