# 1
# RISE AND SHINE
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 9:12PM, CST
### April 29TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25

*It's been four and a half months since Mikhail's arrest. I can still feel my knuckles sting. It doesn't feel like I won- even if I did. There's no murderer running loose. It's been quiet ever since. So why does it feel like I did something wrong?* She rubbed the palm of her hand against her knuckles. The skin still felt rough, coarse. She was lying in bed in her apartment, staring up at the ceiling. The lights were off. Around her, the shadows created by the outside street lights, cars, and neon signs stretched across the ceiling and the walls. *Oh wait,* She realized. *It's because I don't really have a purpose now, do I?*

When the police had finally gotten Mikhail, they stepped up their game. Crime had been on a steady slide down ever since December. Cisila would still go out at night, and occasionally she'd find something...but most of the time, it had already been taken care of. It had felt more like a waste of time. *And they see me as a criminal too.* The mask and her poor outfit choices didn't help. But there was something bugging her. Why, only now, had the police decided to actually do their job?

Were they forced to? Was a murderer just too much to ignore? What about the ongoing gang problem? She'd had to deal with that. It was worse, far worse than a spree of murders across a short span of time. It was like a parasite, eating the city from the inside out. But they'd just been *ignoring* it. Then, her eyebrows furrowed. *They've been ignoring everything to do with the gangs. I've been the only one to stop drug trades. Weapon trades-* (the images of the weapons flashed through her head) *- and worst of all, fucking organs.*

She felt bad just thinking about it. How was anyone able to get near human organs and not feel sick? Shaking her head to herself, she shifted away from those thoughts. *So if they've been ignoring the gangs...*  Her mind sorted through all the information she had, *...then, really, there's only a couple outcomes. They're being paid off, or they're in on it. Hell, maybe there's even someone at the top who's directing attention away.* There were too many things that she didn't know to come to any of these conclusions. Sighing to herself (rather loudly), she looked out the half-open window. It was raining rather hard. The rain was pouring down like an avalanche, with a constant, dreary white noise able to be heard. The neon signs glowed through the rain, which diffused the light and made it look even brighter. Even harder to look at. She made a face at the closest neon sign (a jeweler's shop) and rolled onto her side, facing away from the window. She heard her phone buzz on the bedside table and watched it flare to life, blinding her for a moment. Cisila grumbled, and yanked it off the table, holding it to her face. Lyla had sent a message.

She tapped the notification, reading through Lyla's message. Ever since she had broken free from Mikhail, she had started to help Cisila. She was a little enthusiastic, leaving immediately after work to do - whatever - but it *was* nice to have help. And tonight, it looked like she'd found something. *There's a truck heading south,* The message started. That wasn't unusual. Cisila continued to read, *Got a look inside before they closed it up. There's a big fuckall box in there, about the size of a human. Could be bad.* Cisila frowned. Lyla had forgotten to say *who* it was. If it was one of the three gangs, that wasn't cause for alarm. If it was the police, ignore it. But if it was PALMER-EDEN...that one was an emergency. She quickly replied to Lyla's message, asking, *Who was it?*.

Waiting for a response, she stared at the small bubbles indicating that Lyla was typing. Then the message finally popped up. *It's Palmer.* Her eyes went wide. *Oh, fuck,* she thought. *Okay, think.* She jolted up in her bed. It creaked slightly as she did. There were two questions that stood out. *What's in the box? And why are they moving it? There's only one thing that Palmer would have to move that was human sized...someone like me. A superhuman, probably.* She paused. *It could just be some random stuff, though.* Cisila pursed her lips, thinking hard. *On the other hand, why would some random stuff need to be moved AWAY from the company tower?*

She typed out a question to Lyla. *Was it the only thing in the truck?* Tapping send, she continued to debate on whatever else it could be. However, her mind had gotten stuck on the prospect of Palmer continuing the old Project Eden. The one that resulted in her, and a handful of other people, having the abilities that didn't belong to them. Lyla quickly shot a message back, saying, *It was. It wasn't a big truck. More like a van, if I'm being honest.* Okay, that was even worse. *Can you follow it?* She sent. *I need your location, too. I have to see this.* Cisila hopped out of bed without even waiting for a response, yanked open the loose floorboard next to her bed and pulled the mask out of its hiding hole. Another notification popped up. Lyla's location. And then, *Hurry up then.* from Lyla. She shoved her phone into her pocket, pulled her mask on and pulled a jacket off of the floor. Pulling it on, she looked around to make sure she didn't need anything else.

The answer was no. Pieces of metal wound by wire creating a strange exoskeleton slowly wrapped around Cisila's arms, legs, and her shoulders. Wires connected, and the EXO fastened her jacket tight to her arms so it wouldn't make too much noise. On her left arm, a small grapple device clicked together and she could hear the small coil inside whirring the cable around itself. She pulled the hood of her jacket over her hair, double-checked that the mask was fastened, and then vaulted through the window and into the night.

She pulled the window down behind her and locked it, before climbing up the fire escape and onto the rooftops. The rain poured down harder as she leapt across the buildings, following her phone's directions towards Lyla. Bright neon signs flashed by her as she sped past, sliding and vaulting over the messy rooftops. Sprinting at full speed, she leapt off a building, straight over a large intersection. Flinging her left arm out, a strong cable shot out of the grapple device strapped to her arm. It latched onto one of the buildings across the street and she felt herself lurch forward as the cable pulled her towards the building at an alarming rate. She reached out and latched onto the side of the building before the grapple slammed her straight into the side. She flicked her wrist and the cable flew back into the grapple. Shaking her head, she yanked herself onto the roof.

Several minutes later, Cisila finally skidded to a stop on top of a large warehouse with a slanted roof. On the far side, Lyla was crouched overlooking the warehouse. She turned to look back at Cisila when she heard her. "It's in here." She said. Lyla was wearing a rain jacket and had her hood pulled up. She carefully walked along the roof to a skylight, and kneeled next to it. Cisila followed, and knelt right next to her. "Have they done anything weird?" Cisila said, tilting her head towards Lyla. She shook her head, "No. It looks like they're waiting on something." Cisila watched the movements of the employees down below. A few questions swirled around her head, but she couldn't give attention to them. Anxiety bubbled in her stomach as she spotted armed guards. It looked they meant business - all black uniforms, bulletproof vests, and helmets with gas masks. *Why do they need gas masks?* She worried. "Okay, well..." She began to say. "Nothing better than to drop down and take them out."

Lyla nodded. Cisila held up a hand at her, "Don't kill the unarmed ones." She said bluntly. "Or the armed guys, either. Unless you really have to." She desperately did not want to deal with more dead bodies lying around. "Alright then," Lyla sighed. On her right hand, a set of sharp claws extended over her fingers and she yanked open the skylight. The window pane flew around its hinges and hit the other one. It smashed against the other window loud enough so that the PALMER-EDEN employees down below looked up in confusion. Before they knew what was coming, Cisila and Lyla dropped down, one after the other, and landed in the middle of the warehouse. Lyla landed on top of a poor man in a labcoat, who went out cold as soon as his head hit the floor. Cisila herself landed fine, but saw the true amount of guards in the warehouse. Whatever they were trying to do, they were serious about it. Lyla backed up to Cisila, seeing the guards aswell, and the two faced back-to-back as the guards slowly walked towards them. They didn't have guns- they had swords. Cisila's brow furrowed as she got into her battle stance, the EXO constructing a set of steel knuckles to protect the skin underneath them. It wound around her hands as she struck her defensive stance, ready to take the first blow. Lyla didn't bother, and instead pulled out her twin daggers, throwing them into the air and catching them.

"Not any further," one of the guards said, clearly a captain, unsheathing his own blade slowly. Its metallic *shing* as it exited the sheathe seemed to echo throughout the warehouse as all the other guards followed suit. 

"Fucking hell," Lyla complained. "Can't this be a little easier, sometimes?"

Cisila made eye contact (or at least, she assumed) with the captain. They tilted their head at Cisila, "This one's gonna hurt. Nobody trespasses on Palmer property." They spat. Under her mask, Cisila felt her lip twitch. She wasn't going to let Palmer keep another person in captivity. And a bunch of guys with swords and batons weren't going to stop her. Not even a tank would stop her from preventing Palmer ruining another life. For treating people like products. Usually, she wouldn't say a word...but...

"Oh, it's going to hurt." She spat. "Especially when I break your bones."

The captain immediately lunged at her, raising their baton into the air. "GET THEM!"

# 2
# ADAM
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 9:40PM, CST
### April 29TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25
#### https://open.spotify.com/track/5ztlbmHm1lbJ1GoGB5NMPq?si=a984e17182524083
#### Soul of the Ogre - Like a Dragon Gaiden: The Man Who Erased His Name

The captain lifted his blade into the air, and brought it down right on top of Cisila. She ducked around the swing, and elbowed the captain in the face. The EXO molded itself to her elbow and created a sharp point out of metal, smashing the captain's mask apart. The shards flew into his visible eye as Cisila whipped around and drove him to the floor with a powerful roundhouse styled kick. Turning back to look at Lyla, she noticed that Lyla had already taken down two more of the guards. Before she could say anything, however, another one of the guards leaped at her, swinging wildly. Her eyes went wide under her mask and she had to dodge out of the way. As soon as she got around the guard, he whipped around and clocked the back of her shoulder with the baton. She recoiled and elbowed him in the face aswell, only to turn around and fling out her hand towards the mask of the guard. Gripping onto it with immense force, she slammed the guard to the ground and stomped on his face. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted Lyla getting overwhelmed.

Whipping around towards Lyla, she forgot where she was for a moment. The guards were demons to her- and they would stay away from Lyla. She flung her hand out, and as it raised, metal parts materialized in her palm and started clicking and melding together, flipping in and extending. The grip of a pistol formed, and then a barrel sprang out, getting covered by the slide. Finally, in her other hand, a magazine appeared. She slammed the magazine into the pistol's grip, racked the slide, and pulled the trigger. Within the span of two seconds, the guards attacking Lyla fell to the floor, gasping for life. The pistol disappeared from her hand with a series of small clicks and the sound of shifting metal, and she looked at Lyla. Lyla cocked her head to the side, though under her mask, Cisila couldn't tell what she was thinking. "Broke your own rule?" Cisila jerked her head towards the downed guards, "Too many. I *had* to." She wasn't lying, but she didn't like to admit she cared about Lyla *that* much. Lyla snorted, and then immediately looked down. A small beeping sound could be heard. "...Wait." Lyla knelt next to one of the guards and ripped a radio off one of their vests. It was emitting a small, but piercing beep. Cisila slid towards Lyla and knelt next to her. "What could it be for?" Lyla shrugged, and then flicked a switch on the radio. It came to life. "Delta squad...Delta squad, do you read?" *Ah, fuck.* Cisila's mind rang out. "There must be more of them-" She got up and walked towards the van. She ripped open the back doors and peered inside.

A black box the same size as a six-foot human was lying down on the bed of the van. She reached for the handles when the box suddenly shuddered. Cisila froze. It shuddered again- this time with an audible banging noise. *So there IS someone in there.* She hurriedly grabbed the handles of the box and slowly pulled it out of the van. It scraped against the bed and hit the ground at an angle. She tugged further, and then the rest of the box dropped onto the floor. Exhaling, she pulled off her mask. Nobody else was around, and if the person inside was like Cisila, there was no need to hide. "Lyla, can you-" She started, but Lyla immediately pulled out a knife and began carefully prying the box open. "...Pfft...mind reader..." Cisila mumbled. Her own knife appeared in her hand, flipping together, and she helped to pry the box open. Eventually, the top topped up, and the two heaved it off. It thudded against the floor and a man sat up frantically from the inside. "What the-" He looked...confused, almost. He had a set of simple glasses pushed over his nose, and his hair was a confusing mop of tangles that ran down the sides, and back of his head. He was wearing a dark jacket and sweater, with an old pair of jeans. Cisila knelt next to him, "It's good. You're safe now." She said. She was trying to be as nice as she could, but even then...she wasn't sure if this was good enough. His eyes flicked towards Cisila, and immediately...she noticed they were unnatural. A metallic grey and bright yellow set of eyes stared into Cisila's. *He's definitely one of us.* All Ultima, she noted, have some kind of physical abnormality. For herself, it was her right eye. And for this man...both of his eyes. And something strange stuck to the bottom left of his chin, that ran down his neck and disappeared. She squinted at it. It reminded her of the EXO- it had the same, thick metal wires and metal parts. "...Are you alright?" She asked, her brow furrowed with concern. "Yes, I-" He started, but then it seemed like something clicked in his head. "YOU! I need your- your help!" He lunged towards Cisila out of nowhere, who squeaked in shock and leaped away. "Jesus-!" She squawked. "Who the hell even *are* you?!" He realized what he was doing, and stopped moving towards Cisila. Instead, shaking his head wildly, he climbed out of the box, stretching.

"Adam. My name's Adam...sorry." He looked at Cisila nervously. "I- I need your help." Cisila nodded, while Lyla watched. "Y'know," Lyla said. "I think I'll sit this one out. Talk to ya later." She turned away and waved while walking away. "Oh, great...yeah, just leave me with some weirdo." Cisila muttered. She made eye contact with Adam again, "So...help? What kind of help?" She inquired. "Okay- okay..." He started pacing frantically. "I *really* need somewhere to- stay. That Palmer guy..." She held up a hand to stop him, and spoke. "If you're willing...you can..." She thought for a moment, and made a face. "...you can sleep on my couch. But I need you to tell me more, at least. Please." Cisila needed to understand what was happening with Palmer...but Adam shook his head. "I don't remember." Cisila raised an eyebrow. "I only remember one thing." She nodded, listening. Adam fiddled with his fingers for a moment before finally speaking, "...the only thing I can remember is- is your name. And your face. I don't know why."

*Shit. That could be really bad.* Cisila thought. She grabbed Adam's shoulder, "...Maybe I can help you figure out why." She shook his shoulder timidly, and Adam made a face at her. "Can we just- leave, please?" She let go of his shoulder and turned away, "Can you walk?" She asked. "...Yes." He answered, timidly. Her mind raced, *I can't reveal my powers to him, can I? Why does he know who I am?* before she flung her arm back and grabbed his own. "Come on. We're going." She dragged Adam towards the side exit that Lyla had left through. "We need to leave before the rest of those guys show up." Adam quickly caught up with her instead of letting himself be dragged. He yanked his arm out of her grip, "I'm not a child!" He protested. Cisila looked at him with a blank face, "Now's really not the time. *Please?*" She asked. Adam rolled his eyes, "Fine. Just walk." She pushed open the door and stepped back out into the night, with Adam behind her. She pulled out her phone and opened her contacts, tapping on Dan's info. She called him and held her phone up to the side of her face, waiting. He answered, "What do you need now?" in an annoyed voice. "...I found this- guy." She said. "I think he's an Ultima...I'm keeping him at my house. We're heading there now." And she lowered her voice, "...But something about him is off." She started walking out onto the street, "I don't trust him." Dan took a moment to respond, "...Why?" Cisila sighed, "He knew my name and what I looked like. And he says that's all he remembers." 

"...Yeah?" Dan said. "And what's this got to do with me?" She looked back at Adam, who she could tell hadn't heard anything. Turning away, she continued, "I just want you to get someone to keep an eye on my apartment." Dan, she could tell, was in the middle of something. The ruffled noise of clothes moving could be heard over the phone as Dan spoke again, "Right. I'll get on that." He paused, "...Actually, it's a good thing you called. I need your help. So- in exchange for me watching that guy like a hawk, you're gonna come with me." Cisila shoved her free hand into her pocket as she walked down the street, rain falling on her. "Right? What's the problem?" She asked. Dan groaned, "Don't get me started. After you got Mikhail arrested, the Dragons have been in disarray. Their new leader is a *fucking* butcher. Leader of the Ravens organized a summit for tomorrow, and I'm really not trustworthy of that guy. Something bad is gonna happen there, I guarantee it. And if *you* see it first hand-" He paused, exhaling. "- you might be able to stop it before anything happens." Cisila pursed her lips, thinking. And after a moment, she said, "Alright. I don't have anything better to do- what do *you* think is going to happen?" She walked across a street at a brisk pace, making sure Adam was still behind her. He was, and in the rain, he looked like a sad, wet cat. "...Well, seeing as the Dragons aren't very organized or very courteous, they're going to try to do something." *Great.* She thought of the captains of the gang, and frowned. They'd worked under Mikhail, and they'd been a pain. "Alright. Pick me up." Dan sighed, "Yep. Talk to you later." And he hung up. Sliding her phone into her pocket, she looked back to see Adam again. Of course, he was still there. "Almost there." She said, nodding at him. Adam made a grunt, but otherwise said nothing.

A couple hours of walking in the rain later, Cisila entered her apartment. She pulled her jacket off and lifted her satchel onto the coat hanger. She dropped her jacket above it and pulled her shoes off, before sitting down on the couch in exasperation. Adam pulled his shoes off, but decided to just sit on the floor, leaning against the wall. Cisila picked up her phone and had the lights turn on, and the apartment was flooded with light. Under it, Cisila noticed that Adam looked tired...sickly, even. His skin forcefully stretched around his face tightly, and eyebags hid under his eyes. A small patch of hair had grown under Adam's chin, looking like the pitiful start of a goatee. "...So what's your deal?" She said quietly. "Why was Palmer doing...*that* with you?" Adam shrugged. He sighed, "I don't...think you should bother asking me anything. I seriously can't remember anything. *Anything."* Cisila frowned, and leaned back on the couch. "Really? Fuck..." She mumbled. Palmer seemed to have gotten smart- erasing memories? Pretty hard to get people to testify against him when they can't remember anything *about* him or the program. "...Well, look." She said. "I'm not going to be here for most of the day tomorrow, so...*please* don't touch anything." 

She got up, pulled her satchel off of the coat hanger and walked towards the door to her room. "...Right." Adam mumbled. Entering her room and shutting the door behind her, she flicked the lock shut. *Do NOT want him in here.* She pulled the loose floorboard out of its nook, opened her satchel, and put her mask into it slowly. A few files she'd stolen from the police station were also stashed in here, now hidden under the mask. She pushed the floorboard back over the hole and pressed down on it. It smoothly slid back in. Getting up, she threw her satchel onto the ground next to her desk and flopped down onto the desk chair sitting at her desk. She flicked on the solitary light on her desk, and buried her face into her hands. *How long am I going to have to live with him?* She wondered. *Days? Weeks? Maybe I can give him to Dani.* Cisila did NOT want to fathom even thinking of living with this guy for months. *I've got no reason to kick him out, though...* She sighed. *He's in the same spot as me. No family, or help. I've got to do this, right?* She asked, to nobody. She pulled open one of the drawers absentmindedly and pulled out an old notebook. Dropping it on the table, she also pulled out a pencil case. It was a dark purple, with a scale pattern printed over. Opening it, she pulled out a pencil and twirled it around in her fingers.

Opening the notebook, the first thing she saw was how old it was. She'd been making notes in this book for...years. Cisila stared at the first page, and the scribbled on date. *Twenty-twenty. I was eleven. Jesus.* She picked the notebook up and flipped to a blank page, and stared at it. What could she write down today? What had happened? *Oh, a lot happened alright. More than I expected...let me think.* She focused her mind on everything that had happened. Everything she'd felt, even. She wrote down the events of the night, expressed her emotions, why they'd happened, and what might happen next. After twenty or so minutes of writing and re-writing, she set the pencil down. Her back hurt- she'd been leaning forward for too long. She leaned back and stretched, feeling her spine crackle. She turned her chair around to look at the alarm clock sitting on her bedside table. It said *11:45PM.* It had been a while, she realized.

So, there was only one thing she could bring herself to do. And that...was go to sleep.

# 3
# DRAGON OF DRAGONS
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 10:30AM, CST
### April 30TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25

Cisila and Dan walked along a dim, empty hallway. They were the only two there- with the only noises around them being the quiet hum of an air conditioning unit. The soft red carpet set along the hallway muffled their footsteps. Cisila didn't have her mask on. She didn't need it- all three gangs knew who she was. Her eyes were locked on the dual doors at the end of the hallway, which they were approaching. Dan was wearing his usual white-gray suit with a white button-up shirt, and his hair was tied back into a tight ponytail. At his side, he had a katana linked to his belt, and another strap that went around one of his legs to make sure the katana didn't go anywhere. He still had his sunglasses on- even though he was inside.

Dan's face was expressionless, and through his sunglasses, his eyes were also locked onto the doors. Two men, who looked a little rough around the edges, were standing guard at the two doors. Cisila felt their eyes on her as she and Dan walked closer. They stopped in front of the two guards, and Dan silently glanced at both of them. His lips were shut tight, and he looked as though he was grimacing. The two guards nodded, and pushed open the doors. Light flooded into the dim hallway as the doors swung open to reveal a large meeting room: a large circle of chairs centered around a giant circular carpet with the design of a raven sitting on a branch. Dan muttered something about the Raven leader before stepping past the guards in the room. *Overkill, isn't it...?* Cisila thought, following Dan inside. She slid her hands into her pockets as she looked around. Nobody had sat down yet...the people who were even there to begin with were just mingling. Most were very rough looking, not wearing formal clothing- probably some of Dan's own Cobras. He wasn't very keen on the dress code...apparently the others were, Cisila realized, when she spotted a few men in expensive suits. They were discussing to themselves quietly, when another set of doors at the other end of the room swung open. A group of men in black suits walked in, forming a barrier around the man in the centre. Dan's lip twitched, "Idiot..." he muttered, sounding mad. Cisila craned her head to get a look, when she realized- it was the Eagle, the Ravens' leader. The men in black suits dispersed, and the Eagle sat down in one of the larger chairs. He was a thin man- wearing a navy blue pinstriped suit, and his hair was neatly cut. He wore a pair of thin glasses that seemed to barely hold onto his nose. 

He watched Cisila for a brief moment, and they made eye contact. Her eyes, out of impulse, quickly flicked away. The Eagle tilted his head at her, "Have a seat." his voice was smooth, and he was rather quiet. Cisila timidly took one step, "...Why?" She asked. The Eagle blinked at her, "It's a meeting. Who stands at a meeting?" Dan snorted, and walked over to the Eagle, "Listen-" He started, but the Eagle held a hand up at him, dismissively. "No. Sit." Dan stood there for a moment before he sat next to the Eagle, and he beckoned Cisila over. "I've got a seat for you right next to me." Cisila walked over quickly and took her seat. She felt anxiety bubbling in her stomach - a strange environment, not something she was used to. Impulsively, her eyes darted around the room, looking for exits in case something went terribly wrong. Slowly, while she wasn't paying attention, the rest of the gang members had begun to sit down. Mostly captains, she realized, when she snapped out of her mini panic. *That means they're taking this seriously.* And then, the doors Dan and her had entered from flung open again. A man in a dark red suit walked in, holding a cigar. He was built tough, and had a thin beard that scratched along the bottom half of his face like graphite- his eyes were serious. His hair, like Dan's, was tied back into a tight ponytail. The man looked incredibly unhappy that he had to be here. *Oh.* She realized. *That would be the Dragon, wouldn't it? Fitting.* As if he'd heard her, the Dragon's eyes went straight towards Cisila. She felt her spine tingle and she jerked her head away. "Hey." He pointed his cigar at Cisila, "...ain't that the bitch who got Mikhail arrested? The Nine hells is she doing here?" she felt her lip quiver. "Now, now," The Eagle said, "No use getting mad, Chris, my friend. Sit. She's here for a reason." The Dragon, Chris, took a sat on the opposite side of the room, facing Dan and the Eagle. Cisila could feel his eyes on her, and deliberately kept staring at the floor, crossing her legs uncomfortably. 

"Alright-" Dan got up from his seat. "You all know what you're here for," he began. *Wait,* she realized. *Why am I here?* She looked up at Dan for any indication, but he just continued. "Chicago PD had a pretty good run, arresting Mikhail-" a few of the captains and Chris frowned noticeably, "- but there's a very good reason for that. Why the hell did any of you let that maniac order you around?" One of the Dragon captains got up and angrily said, "Because he was a damn good leader! I don't give a shit if he was a maniac, he knew what he was doing!" Dan groaned, and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yeah...well..." The Eagle got up next to Dan, adjusted his tie, and spoke. "What the Cobra is trying to say is that Mikhail becoming leader of the Dragons was a mistake, and should not have happened." He carefully looked around at each and every person in the room, except for Cisila. "This means our terms of leadership need to change. We cannot just fight in the Arena for leadership- I do believe we must prove ourselves in another way." His eyes landed on Chris, "...Though some of us," the Eagle hissed, "may not agree with these terms." A silence followed, before Dan shook his head and sighed. "Also, the head of Chicago PD told us that the Dragons need to tone down their violence, or they'll stop paying us." Cisila *hated* this. She liked Dan, but there was no way she could actually be friends with him- dealing in the underground was his way of life, and it was directly opposite to what Cisila did. Chris suddenly got up from his seat, smoking the cigar. "Well," he grunted. "I got a comment for that 'leadership' thing." He pointed his cigar at Dan, "...He oughta go. He obviously don't fit the leadership role very well." All eyes in the room stared at Chris, as he took another smoke. "Y'know that old failed heist the Cobras tried to do, way back when? *He* was a part of it." Cisila didn't understand, but it seemed like the rest of the room did. The air in the room changed from slightly agitated to- almost full of anger. "He's the reason it failed. Why the hell does he get to abuse his slot as leader, and get to bring that-" He turned his cigar toward Cisila, but before he could even say anything else, Dan yelled, "SHUT UP!" Chris flicked his eyes back towards Dan, and snorted. "What? I got evidence, y'know. Already filled in all your boys aswell." Cisila remembered that some of Dan's captains were supposed to come with them...but when they had gotten here, nobody was there.

*They were in here before we even got here,* She realized, looking around. The Eagle turned to look at Dan, brow furrowed. "Is this true? You were the reason that heist failed?" Dan looked back, grimacing. His eyes weren't visible behind his sunglasses, but she could tell he was thinking hard. "...Yes." Dan said, relenting. "THEN WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL HERE?!" The Eagle suddenly screamed. Dan jumped from the shock, and suddenly yanked his katana out of its sheathe. Cisila leaped up from her chair as the dozens of other gang members got up, "We have been *trying* to *find* the man who caused that operation to fail, and to think..." He glared at Dan, pulling a combat knife out of his suit slowly, "...that he was right here the entire time." Cisila looked around, watching the rest of the gang members pull out various weapons, hidden either in their suits or in the cushions of the chairs. "Motherfucker-" Dan muttered, through clenched teeth. "...What the Nine Hells are you waiting for, then?" Chris said, tilting his head, "KILL HIM. HE'S THE ONE WHO DOMED KUROSAWA!" Cisila turned to Dan, blurting out, "Who's-" Dan whipped his head towards her and said, "No time! RUN!" *Shit!* Her mind screamed. Suddenly, the EXO sprawled out around her arms, legs, and pierced her back to enhance her strength. It all clicked into place smoothly. Dan broke into a sprint towards the doors they'd entered through, but before he could even get close, the two guards burst through with guns drawn. Cisila sprinted after Dan, and felt her gun construct itself in her hand. Raising it to her eye level and gripping it with both hands, she tried to shoot the two guards down. The bullets flew past Dan and whizzed past the guards, and before she could bother to reload, Dan skidded to a stop and instead headed towards the other set of doors as the rest of the gangs' captains finally sprang into action. Dan broke through the doors, which swung open and crashed against the walls with a loud bang, and Cisila sprinted after him.

"WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO?!" Cisila screeched, catching up to him. "I told you-" He said, through panicked breathing. "No time- just *run.* They know what they're doing- I don't-" And before he could finish his sentence, the hallway had come to an end, turning into a staircase. It was split into two separate stairways, with a balcony connecting the two- which they were on. And at the bottom of that staircase, a horde of gang members awaited. "Oh, you have to be *kidding-*" Cisila grumbled. Dan whipped around when Cisila heard footsteps, and she too turned. The Eagle, his captains, and all of Dan's captains were running full tilt at them. The Eagle ran like a leopard, with his knife to the side. *"Fuck-"* Dan said, turning away again. "Okay- uh-" He looked around wildly, and Cisila had an idea. "Hey-" She said, jerking her head at the giant chandelier hanging over the lower floor. She could see the chain from the balcony, and it looked flimsy enough to cut apart. "Dan. Go down the stairs." Dan turned towards Cisila, mouth agape. *"What?"* Cisila leapt up onto the railing on the balcony and jumped off it. And with the added force of the EXO, she flew right towards the chandelier. Landed on it and grabbing the chain, her gun tranformed into a combat knife and she sliced the chain apart. Before Cisila fell down with the chandelier, she hopped up and grabbed the part of the chain she hadn't cut.

The chandelier plummeted towards the ground, crushing most of the gang members that were standing under it. Dan seemed to understand, and broke into a sprint down the stairs, cutting through any members still there. Cisila dropped down onto the chandelier, leaped off it, and sprinted after Dan as he ran towards the next set of doors. "This place is a fucking maze-" He said, clenching the stitch in his side as he ran. "Don't know if we'll ever-" he heaved a breath, "- get out alive." Cisila kicked open the next set of doors, and they were greeted to a large courtyard, complete with a small pond and a tree. She'd forgotten they were outside, but the place was so incredibly fortified that there was no way out here. Cisila and Dan ran down the steps, through the courtyard, and back inside through another set of doors. They were met with more gang members- but the two cut them down with their own blades (Cisila was using both her blade and her knife) and continued on. The building slowly turned into a mess of confusing hallways, and locked doors and windows. After a few minutes of navigation, and a bit of fighting the two made it back to the entrance. A giant lobby stood before them as they gasped for air. Cisila bent over, clutching her side. "Just a- bit more-" Dan said, shaking his head and walking towards the entrance. Cisila followed, as Dan opened the doors and they were greeted by the cool April air. 

Before they could make it across the entrance courtyard, the front doors flung open again and suddenly, a man yelled **"STOP!"**. Cisila and Dan skidded to a stop and whipped around, and Cisila saw who had yelled at them. On his lonesome, The Eagle had caught up. "Leave him-" Dan said, turning away, but as he turned around, his face fell. Gang members flooded out of other entrances, and blocked the front gate. He grunted, and turned on his heel back towards The Eagle. "What the hell do you want?" He asked, angry. The Eagle walked across the courtyard, flipping his knife between his fingers. "I want to tear you limb from limb. Do you know how long I've been searching for the one who killed Kurosawa? Do you *understand?"* Dan stared at him, silent. But before Dan could even say anything, Cisila grabbed his shoulder, and spoke. "You need to get out of here. You can't handle these guys." Dan looked at her, an eyebrow raised. "How the hell do you think *you* can?" He spat. Cisila's eyes flicked around for a brief moment before making contact with Dan's eyes again. "...Something's off with that guy. Just-" Before she could finish, the front gates broke open and knocked down the gang members standing in front of it. Cisila and Dan turned to look at it, and saw that Lyla had broken down the gates. "What the- how did you-" Cisila stammered. "Get a move on!" Lyla yelled at them, and Dan took his chance. He sprinted towards the front gates, and Lyla followed close behind. Cisila turned away and walked towards The Eagle. "You'll just have to make do with me." She said. The Eagle tilted his head and scoffed. "If you insist, girl."

The EXO sprawled out around her arms and legs as her blade constructed itself in her hand, and she twirled it around and got into a defensive position. "I don't care what Dan did- it's not worth killing him." She said.

The Eagle threw his knife into the air and swiftly caught it, "Then you've got no idea what he did. NO IDEA!" he yelled, and he lunged for Cisila. "I'LL RIP YOU APART!"

She braced. 

# 4
# EVERYTHING HURTS
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 10:39AM, CST
### April 30TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/0nxspn27RUWk57Hbzsn08c?si=3d69057700614bb4
##### Psycho's Anthem - SEGA SOUND TEAM - LIKE A DRAGON GAIDEN The Man Who Erased His Name

The Eagle brought down his knife upon Cisila, who leaped out of the way. Her foot scraped against the ground as she got out of the way, sending pebbles flying. In a split second, she swung her blade towards The Eagle, who, to her surprise, ducked under her swing and returned her attack with a swift jab towards her abdomen. She forced herself backwards, stumbling to get out of the way of the jab. The Eagle continued to swing at her, and Cisila was forced to duck, slide and dodge around his attacks with only milliseconds of reaction time- his knife flew too close to her face. Her sword disappeared from her hand and she attempted to bash The Eagle's head in, but he ducked under her right and left hooks, and spun on the ground. Cisila whipped through the air and tried to slam her foot into The Eagle's head, and she felt herself raise into the air slightly, but he returned her kick with a swift kick upwards at her- and neither made contact.

Cisila landed on the ground and ducked away from The Eagle as he flung his knife towards her. It flew past the side of her head, cutting her cheek. Catching her off guard, he lunged forward and plunged her fist towards her face, and with only a millisecond of reaction time, she flung her hands towards his fist, catching it just a few millimeters from her face. His strength was overwhelming, and just the force of his fist forced her backwards and she collapsed to her knees. She grunted, and tried to push back against his fist, putting all of her strength into forcing him away. She was shaking horribly- and his face was only getting closer. Looking up at him, his eyes were glued to her. There was a psychotic look to them...enjoyment, maybe. She felt her muscles hurt as she pushed back even harder, trying to get back up onto her feet. Cisila couldn't use her Construct like this- not with her hands full. Her body screamed at her as she forced herself back up onto her feet, pushing back against The Eagle. Then, his other fist smashed into the side of her face, and she let go of her fist, plummeting towards the floor.

She pulled herself back up, stumbling. She could hear the high-pitched stinging in her ear as she realized...The Eagle had brass knuckles on. Cisila lifted a hand towards the side of her face where he'd hit her- and felt blood trickling down. "No-" She mumbled, feeling her head spin. Her vision began to go askew, and every noise around her dimmed, as the high-pitched screeching of her numb ears filled in. The Eagle picked his knife up off of the ground, and she could barely her his next words. "This is a lesson..." He started, staring into Cisila's eyes. "...to not mess with us. You can't get away with helping him hide anything. You..." And then she stopped being able to focus on his words. She looked down at her left hand, the one she'd use to touch her injury. It was *covered* in blood. Her breathing had become shallow. In a sudden fit of rage, she lunged towards The Eagle, Constructing her blade in her hands and bringing it down on him. He easily sidestepped her, and Cisila stumbled forwards, barely catching herself. She shook her head and felt her blade drop out of her hand. And without another word, The Eagle drove his fist against the other side of her face, and she was flung towards the ground once more.

But...he dragged her back up. *Is he not done?* Her half-conscious mind wondered. But that thought quickly faded away as she felt a firey pain in her abdomen. "That'll do it." The Eagle said, clear as day. He had stabbed his knife through her. It wasn't fatal, but damn, it was going to *hurt*. He turned away and calmly walked back inside the building, dusting himself off, leaving Cisila standing there. Both sides of her head were dripping with blood, and she felt the cut on her cheek bleeding. *I have to move.* She thought. *I've got to- I won't die here...* And she tried to take a step, but just collapsed. Her head collided with the hard concrete ground, and she was out cold.

-

The soft pitter-patter of rain filled her ears, and her throbbing injuries had faded away. Cisila opened her eyes slowly, surprised that she was still alive. She was flat on her back in the middle of a dark alleyway- at night. The sky above her was blocked by the dark clouds of rain, with the moon's light seeping through them in thinner areas. She sat up slowly, putting a hand to her head. Someone had bandaged her up- heavy duty bandages had been wrapped around her head, and it felt as though her injuries had been treated properly. She ran her finger along the part of her cheek had been cut, and felt a bandage over that aswell. Someone had taken great enough care of her that she didn't feel terrible, but they'd still dumped her in an alleyway. Pulling herself up, and, feeling slightly lightheaded, she leaned against the wall. The alleyway was damp, and dark. Black puddles of water lined the edges of the buildings where the pavement dipped inconsistently, and at each end of the alleyway, neon lights flooded in. She heaved a sigh, and remembered what had happened to her. How long had it been since she'd been knocked out? What happened to Dan?

She couldn't focus on these questions properly, and a headache took over. But one thought remained. *What the hell did Dan do to deserve that?* She asked herself. *He never mentioned anything of the sort...at least, not that I can...* Her inner voice trailed off, but she knew what she was thinking. Cisila couldn't remember anything about what Dan's career was like. He had never bothered to tell her, and she never thought to ask. He was just simply the only one of the three gang members to ally with her, and share some of her views. She rummaged through her pants' pockets, and pulled out a lighter. Then, from another pocket, she pulled out a small cardboard cigarette box. Maybe it wouldn't hurt...so she pulled one of the thin cigarettes out of the box and slid the end of it into her mouth. She flicked the lighter open and attempted to make it light a flame. *Flick.* *Flick.* Small sparks flew out of the lighter, and were bright enough to dimly light her face for a brief moment. *Flick.* The lighter clicked, and with a small *fwoop* a tiny fire appeared. Cisila brought it close to the front of the cigarette, lighting it. Flicking the lighter closed, she took hold of the cigarette and smoked it.

It wasn't good for her (*obviously,* she thought), but she couldn't stop doing it. She managed to keep track of whenever she did this, and as her head cleared...she thought, *Oh...this is my last one for the week.* Lyla had forced her to limit herself to two or three a week, if even. Cisila herself managed it fine, but she knew that, eventually, it wouldn't be possible to stop herself. These things calmed her down, and effectively. It felt *nice.* 

But as her mind became completely clear, she felt herself turn back to more important matters. *Dan. Lyla.* She remembered. *Where did they go?* Lyla wasn't very fond of Dan, but she knew he was one of Cisila's most important anchors to the underground. She must have taken him somewhere safe (*assuming they got away* she thought) and made sure nobody had followed. But where? Lyla's home? Cisila's? Adam was still there, so it wouldn't be a very smart decision to go somewhere. Then, she remembered...her phone. She yanked it out of her pocket with her free hand and turned it on - several messages from Lyla, and a couple of missed calls. She quickly called up Lyla, and put the phone up to her ear. *Come on. Answer.* She waited, hearing the ringtone. It took a second, but Lyla picked up. "Cisila?!" She said, clearly panicking. "I'm alive." Cisila mumbled. "Didn't die. Injuries hurt like a bitch, though." Lyla sighed, "Okay- okay..." She started. "That's good at least. You'd disappeared from the courtyard when I went to come and get you, so I got- really worried." Cisila took a puff of her cigarette, "...Right." She said. "I don't know what happened. I- I kinda woke up in an alleyway." She looked around, "Couldn't tell you where, specifically. I think I can get home myself, though." She sighed, "Sorry." she mumbled. "For what?" Lyla asked. "Making you worry- I didn't know this was gonna happen." Cisila answered, and Lyla scoffed. "Don't worry about it. You *should* be worrying about whoever yanked you away. Did they do anything?" Cisila shook her head, but knew Lyla couldn't see that. "No," She said, "They did fix me up. Which is even weirder..." Lyla took a second to respond, but then said, "Right. Well- at least they were nice. Get back home, and I'll come and see you. We can talk about what happened- I can't-" She paused. "...I can't really talk about it right now." 

"Right," Cisila said. "I'll get home as quickly as I can. See you." She hung up and put her phone away, and took a couple more puffs of her cigarette before snuffing it out against the box and shoving the butt of it back inside the box. She shoved the box back inside her pocket and began to walk out of the alleyway, and, out of paranoia, she checked behind her before stepping out. Nobody was there- only the dark silhouettes of the trash cans and dumpsters sitting in the alleyway. She turned away, and looked up. *Rain.* She thought. Cisila was already drenched, so it didn't matter too much. She wiped her face, and walked away. 

A few minutes later, she realized where she was, and after correcting her path, she quickly made it back home. At the door to her apartment in the complex, she pulled out her keyring and inserted the apartment door's key into the lock, and turned it. It made a soft *click* and she turned the handle, stepping in. The apartment was dark, and empty. It didn't concern her for a brief moment, before she noticed that the window was open. The cool night air was flowing in, and then Cisila realized...Adam was gone. The door was locked, so he couldn't have just left. Walking up to the window, Cisila peered out of it. *Fuck. Where did he go?* She wondered, looking around. The fire escape that the window led to showed no signs of Adam- why would it? So she slid the window shut and locked it. If he left while Cisila was out cold, then she'd never be able to find him. But why had he run? Did someone try to get into the apartment? Did he not feel welcome? *Or,* She thought, *did he not trust me?* she shook her head to herself and sat down on the couch, pulling her shoes off, and throwing them back towards the door. Her abdomen began to hurt again as she had sat down, and she groaned. *Fuck.*  She pulled her shirt up and looked at the injury. Whoever had patched her up had taken the liberty of not just removing the knife, but properly treating the wound. A thick bandage was wrapped around her entire abdomen and it felt tight. 

Cisila pulled her shirt back down and she leaned back. She felt *bad.* This was the first time she'd felt this bad since having to fight Mikhail. Too many things had happened at once, and it freaked her out. Where had Adam gone? What happened to Dan? Was Lyla even coming? Her mind echoed scenarios that probably wouldn't happen, but that wasn't going to stop her from stressing over them. She pulled out her phone and turned it on again, looking at the notifications. There were none. The phone's screen lit her up face in the dark apartment, and half blinded her for a good moment. But she didn't feel like getting up. Cisila didn't even want to move. She dropped her arm down to her side and turned her phone off, and closed her eyes, sighing. It must have been a good amount of time before Cisila opened her eyes again, because Lyla was sitting in front of her. "Jesus-" Cisila squawked, slightly surprised. "When did you..." Lyla shook her head, "Didn't want to wake you up. You look...pretty bad, if I'm being honest." She got up and sat next to Cisila, "Feeling alright?" She asked, taking hold of one of Cisila's hands. "I'll live." Cisila grumbled, while Lyla ran a finger along the bandages around Cisila's head, "...These are pretty serious. But-" Lyla tilted her head, examining the bandages, "whoever helped you out clearly knew what they were doing..." Cisila shut her eyes again, "...How would you know that?" She asked.

Lyla smiled, "My dad forced me to learn how to treat injuries. He used to be a field medic, you know? Knew his stuff like the back of his hand- and to me, at least," She sighed, "either you got rescued by a good Samaritan, or something else is going on here." Cisila nodded, and leaned into Lyla, "...Hurts." Cisila said, simply. "Probably gonna need a break...but...I shouldn't." Lyla raised an eyebrow, "...Why?" She said, with a concerned tone. "That guy we rescued last night." Cisila said. "He's gone." Lyla perked up and realized that he *was* gone. "Oh, shit- what-?" Lyla said, looking around, "Ohhh, shit. Shit. That's not good." Cisila pulled herself up slowly, and forced herself back over to the window. "He got out from this window. It was open when I got home." She leaned against the wall and sighed, crossing her arms. "I've got to find him." Lyla quickly got up and said, "No. I'll do it. I mean, look at you-" She put her hand on Cisila's shoulder, "You at least need a *couple* days." Cisila pursed her lips, thinking. "...Fine." She responded, "But keep me updated. Please." Lyla nodded, "'Course." Lyla let go of Cisila's shoulder and walked to the door, pulling her coat off the coat hanger. "I'll come back and check on you every so often, 'kay?" Lyla added, looking back at her. Cisila nodded back at her, "Thanks..." Cisila said, smiling. And then Lyla pulled her coat on and stepped out of the apartment, the door shutting behind her. And for the second time that night, Cisila was alone. She let out a deep sigh. 


-

# 5
# WHAT HE WANTS
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 3:20AM, CST
### MAY 1ST, 2034
#### LYLA SILVERMANN, 27
#### https://open.spotify.com/track/4ZBr80A44P1qqp6O6rQe6m?si=7a2d904df8f140b8
#### Irritation - SEGA SOUND TEAM, 83key - LIKE A DRAGON Infinite Wealth

As soon as Lyla left the apartment, something felt off. The streets were quiet. Quieter than normal. She looked around, and saw nobody. Not even cars were parked on the street. And then when she had thought it had gotten weird enough, her phone buzzed in her coat pocket. She looked down at it, *What the fuck? Who's calling at this time?* Lyla pulled it out of her pocket and stared at the caller number. *Unknown. Why don't I see who it is?* She immediately tapped the answer button and raised her phone to the side of her head. "Hello?" Lyla said, in her day-by-day 'manager' voice. "...Hey, uh-" A panicked voice answered, "a-are you the other lady that that girl was with?" *Shit.* She realized. *It's that GUY. What the hell's he want with me, and not Cisila?* "...What?" Lyla responded with, but Adam continued. "I need to warn you- I- I'm sorry, but someone's just sent a bunch of assassins after you." And then she figured out why the streets were empty. *"What-?"* She spat, "What do you mean- how do you-" Adam spoke over her, "I just need you to get to the place where you work. *Please.* And don't tell the other girl, I- I know I left, I just...I didn't want to get her involved." *Tsk,* Lyla thought, grinding her teeth. "Alright. Whatever. But you owe me a *fucking* explanation-" and then suddenly, he hung up. "Ugh-" Lyla shoved her phone into her coat pocket and walked across the street. Now that she knew about the assassins, she saw people hiding in the alleyways. *How do they know who I am?* She thought. Lyla didn't have time to think, so she sped up and made her way towards a street that was *actually* alive. Looking back, she saw some of the people in the alleyways following her. 

*Absolutely not.* She glared at them, and ducked around a corner. She walked straight through a crowd of people, but didn't stop when one of them barked at her, "Hey!". She looked back at the one who yelled at her and scowled. The first thing she needed to do was get to the subway, but she wasn't sure that was exactly safe. She looked behind herself again, and saw the distant figures still following her. *MAYBE following me. Maybe.* She reminded herself. But that call from Adam had put her on edge, and if anybody got too close to her...she flexed her fingers uncomfortably. And then Lyla got an idea. *Maybe I don't need to deal with them at all...if I...* she ducked into an alleyway and walked to the end of it, standing, facing the wall. She listened carefully for about a minute, when she heard footsteps. And then, even stranger than the assassins themselves...she heard them speak another language. She perked up and looked behind herself. Two unidentifiable people were standing behind her, trying to speak to her in their language. Whatever it was, she couldn't recognize it. Lyla sighed, and suddenly pulled the pin on one of her flashbangs, and threw it out behind her. The two figures yelled, but before they could move, a blinding light enveloped their vision with a loud *bang,* and disoriented them. Lyla whipped around, and, with her two sharp, serrated Ultima claws, she tore into the first one, and ripped him apart from his chest. She kicked the corpse away and plunged her claws into the second one, slamming him against the wall, "Who the hell are you?!" She spat. 

The assassin took his chance and tried to stab Lyla with a small dagger, but she stabbed her claws into his arm and pinned it to the wall. "I ASKED YOU A QUESTION!" She yelled. The assassin grunted, before saying, "...Dragons. Sent. By Dragons." And as soon as they said that, she drove her claws through his face. Nobody needed to know this even happened, so she took her leave, and her metal claws slid back into her fingers. Lyla pulled out her phone to text Cisila, then remembered what Adam had said- don't tell her. She looked around for a brief second, *Fuck that.* She thought. *She's got to know. I can't just...I can't just lie to her again.* Lyla quickly messaged Cisila with a brief text. *"Adam called me. Told me to head to the bookstore. Told me not to tell you. Got attacked by assassins, which Adam said would happen. Keep you updated."* And she put her phone away, not bothering to wait for a response. She rushed down into the subway, now without the fear of the assassins tailing her. She ran down the stairs and pulled her subway pass, getting into the station easily. It only took a couple of minutes for a train to appear, and she quickly got in. 

-

A few minutes later, she unlocked the doors to the bookstore, and stepped in. It was already closed, of course...but Adam was sitting at one of the tables by the entrance. Lyla shut the door behind her and turned to look at Adam, "...So what the hell do you want?" She asked. "I- I, uh...need your help. With something." He said, dipping his head, "It's nothing too important, but I thought- I thought you could help." He sounded nervous. Lyla leaned against the wall and crossed her arms, "And what exactly do you need help with?" Adam looked up at her, "I need to break into the Palmer-Eden tower." Lyla's eyebrows furrowed, "...What?" He couldn't be serious- this was exactly what they needed. Cisila had been trying to get into that tower for months, even before Mikhail was arrested. "Do you know how?" She asked, her eyes focused on him. "Yes!" Adam said, getting up. "Please-" Lyla put a hand up at him, "But you were mistaken, y'know. In keeping Cisila out." Adam tilted his head, "...Huh?" Lyla looked him dead in the eyes, and said, plain as day, "She wants to get in aswell. She's always wanted someone to help, and you seem to fit the bill." Adam's eyes lit up, and he clapped his hands together. But they didn't make a normal clap- a metal clang came out instead. His hands, and what looked like his lower arms, were all cybernetic. "What the-" Lyla said spontaneously. 

"It's- it's nothing. It's what they did to me." Adam replied. "Okay, uh...there's a few things I need help with in order to get in. First of all..." Lyla tilted her head while he spoke, looking at him. "I'm guessing we need a bunch of things in order to get in?" She said. Adam nodded, "...A keycard. Preferably, like, a- uh...a high-level one. They get access to the proper superhuman facilities. That's where I want to go. I need to figure out what- what happened to me. And maybe you, too-" But Lyla shook her head. "I'm natural. Cisila's the one who got tortured down there." She replied, and Adam stared at her, "Oh. Oh-" He said. "R- right. I see." Lyla sat down at the table, and pulled out her phone. "We can coordinate this, but Cisila needs a couple days to recover. She got pretty badly hurt by the leader of one of the gangs around here." Adam continued to stare at her, and mumbled, "...Uh...r-right. Yeah. Okay. That's fine." Lyla noticed his lip twitch, but thought nothing of it. "You need to leave here, though." She said, staring up at him. "I'm not letting you stay here. This is my workplace. I don't want to endanger my employees." Adam, seeming to understand, slowly nodded, "Okay...I'll- I'll leave. Thanks." Lyla squinted at him, "...How did you even know where I worked?" she pointed out. Adam's eyes went wide, "Uh- don't worry about it. I just- I just...I knew." *Tsk,* She thought. *Yeah, right. I won't push it, though.* "Fine." She said. "But leave." And then she got up, grabbed his shoulder, and dragged him towards the front doors. "Go." And without another word, he did. 

*What a weird guy.* Lyla thought, and she stepped out after him. She immediately went to her own apartment, only a few paces down the block. 

-

Cisila was at her desk. She was fidgeting with her fingers under the solitary light on her desk. Unable to sleep, she had resorted to writing in her journal again. The rain had gotten worse, and it was pounding against her window. Her phone sat on her desk, occasionally lighting up from random notifications. Her thoughts had gone back to Dan, and she realized... *He hasn't contacted me...what happened?* Someone might have found him. Or maybe he just...forgot. It was possible, right? And then her thoughts sorted through everything that had happened with Dan, and she asked herself, *Why did that even happen? What did Dan do?* The Eagle and the Dragon, Chris, had both said that he'd killed someone. But had he really? Dan never seemed the type to just...*shoot* someone. But they must have gotten mad for a reason...but why was she involved? Was it because she knew Dan?

She came up with a strange idea... *What if he just brought me along for safety? Did he know?* No. That wasn't possible. He looked just as shocked as she felt when the two other leaders confronted him in that room. There was only one thing she could think to do that would get her any answers. She could sneak into one of the Ravens' hideouts, or the Dragons'. But, like before, the Dragons didn't have any- so she'd have to go to the Ravens. *I'll be lucky if I even find anything there.* She thought. *That is...if I can even get there.* She felt better now, good enough to move normally. But she feared that if she exerted herself, the injuries would come back and hurt even more than before. But on the *other* hand, if she moved quietly and didn't get caught, she wouldn't have to exert herself. The first problem to figure out after that was where to even go. The giant compound that the gangs met at wasn't owned by the Ravens...it was the Dragons' only property, and not somewhere they stayed for long after a meeting. *At least, according to Dan.* she thought. *If I can find Dan, maybe he can point me to one of the Ravens' hideouts. I need to figure out why this happened, how Chris got everyone in on it, and how to fix it. If that's even possible.* Frankly, she didn't think it was. Maybe, just maybe, Dani might have some idea. She knew Dani was focused on purging the whole city of the gangs, so if Cisila needed their help in figuring out a mystery that could shed some light on one of the gangs, maybe Dani would help her.

She leaned back in her desk chair and realized that, if she was going to do something like this, she needed sleep. So she pulled herself up, and began to get ready for bed.

-

# 6
# MIST
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 11:01AM, CST
### MAY 2ND, 2034
#### CISILA SIVETA, 25
