# 1
# BUSINESS AS USUAL
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 7:44PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/0gdeQ6Qalgdzg5lniSzTG0?si=c2df61e6fb554f7c
##### Mind As Universe - We Are Magonia - Ghostrunner 2 Soundtrack

*Five, four, three, two...one.* As the rain pelted down on the city of Chicago, a hooded figure watchd a black SUV roll through the streets, standing out from the rest of the traffic by *not* standing out. The figure watched carefully, a single mechanical eye in their mask glowing a light purple as it followed the SUV.

This particular street was always a mess of neon signs, people, and in the background, crime. In between the buildings, in the grimy alleyways where diners threw out their trash, criminals hid. They weren't normal criminals, nor were they able to be stopped by the police *(Not that they did anything)*. The figure stood up, and look towards the next building. They looked as though they were wearing the battered exoskeleton of an armored suit, that weaved around their arms and legs, even piercing their chest. Thin pipes skewed in and out of their body, and wires extruded from her arms, wrapping around the metal. It was a mess. Suddenly, the figure breaks into a sprint, leaping over the gap between the two buildings. Their jump felt powerful, like a spring. As soon as they landed, with the softest *thud*, they continued to sprint, stumbling. They were clearly following the SUV.

*I've had this planned for weeks,* she thought. *But what if they take a different turn?*

Then her route would be messed up. Under the mask that only covered the left half of her face (her hair covered her right), her face was contorted into worry. The SUV was supposed to be driving right towards the largest tower in the city, owned by a pharmaceutical company named PALMER-EDEN. The place was a disgrace, she thought to herself. It was where she, Cisila, gained her powers. It was *why* she had this strange exoskeleton on her. 

She continued to follow the SUV, and it seemed to follow the path she had figured out. She slid under obstacles, leaped over AC units in her way, but still seemed inexperienced with her parkour. Everytime she vaulted over something, she stumbled, and sometimes fell to the ground - but she continued to keep up. Buildings flew past her as she picked up speed. Cisila saw the SUV turn to the left, in the middle of an intersection. *NOW!* her head screamed. The edge of the last building was fast approaching her - she'd have to jump off and use one of the street lamps to vault towards the SUV without crushing it. She felt herself tense up as the edge was suddenly there-

And she leaped. As she dove straight off the building, she saw that this street didn't have normal street lamps. She swore out loud (though nobody could hear her) and went into a dive. She'd just have to use the strange suspended lights as monkey bars until she got close enough. These street lights were a new implementation, to give the sidewalks *slightly* more space. They hung from building to building, giving the strangest feeling of a cobweb. She dove straight through them, avoiding getting tangled, and she reached up. She dragged a set of lights down with her for a couple of metres, and swung her legs back to give herself some momentum. She swung herself forward, catching each set of lights above her with her hands. Below her, people watched her, probably thinking this was some kind of trick. Cisila had taught herself to ignore them. One hand in front of the other, she was making her way towards the SUV, which had stopped at a red light for the moment. One, two, one and two. 

In a moment, she was above the SUV - and the light had turned green. She swung her legs back and forth in unison, and threw herself forward. The momentum had sent her into a backflip right towards the SUV, and she swung her legs out to make sure she landed upright. The SUV hadn't picked up enough speed to get away, but even then, her legs hit the pavement. She had to lunge forward and grab onto the trunk to stay on. Almost immediately, her shoes began to drag and she smelled the vague smell of...burning shoes. Cisila looked down and immediately realized, that obviously, her shoes wouldn't survive. She forced herself to climb up onto the top of the SUV. Lying down on her stomach, she flung her right arm out as if summoning Mjolnir, and out of her hand, coming together like a complex mechanical puzzle, complete with *clicks* and *clacks* as it put itself together, was a blade. She flipped it around in her hand so she was holding it backhanded, and stabbed it right into the windshield of the SUV. The glass shattered around the puncture, and she heard the driver slam the brakes - she'd stabbed the passenger, just as she thought.

She ripped the blade back out and let it deconstruct into her hand. She was about to get up when a bullet flew right past her. She turned back, and spotted another SUV following them, but this one had someone with a gun leaning out of the passenger side. In her hands, she constructed a throwing knife. She hadn't ever been able to construct a pistol, so a knife was the best she could do. She turned onto her back, and flung the knife towards the car. It hit the SUV's hood, puncturing it. She constructed another one and flung it once more. Her eyes went wide when she realized she'd completely missed and punctured someone else's tire. The car skidded to a stop, and the car behind it ran straight into it. Eventually, there was a pileup back there. But that was neither here nor there, because- another bullet flew by her. *Damned security,* she thought. She didn't have anywhere to go, she realized. Buildings were flying by her as the SUV took a route away from PALMER-EDEN, and she'd lost track of where they were. The rain fell down harder, pittering and pattering against the hood and roof of the SUV. Her jacket and the rest of her outfit was *drenched.* Desperately clinging onto the roof, she knew she'd have to jump off at some point.

She shook her head and clambered up onto her feet, barely keeping balance. She constructed one more knife for good measure and flung her arm out to throw it, when-

The man in the SUV took another shot and got her in the shoulder. She dropped the knife as the pain spread through her body. Then another shot whizzed right by her head, grazing the hood of her sweater. Then...a final shot hit her leg. And Cisila knew she wouldn't have another chance to get the hell *out,* as her adrenaline kicked in. She looked up, seeing the ropelights above her. She looked down at the armed man in the other SUV, and jumped up, grabbing hold of a set of lights. The SUVs quickly disappeared down the street as she climbed down to the sidewalk.

The pain had suddenly set in, and her shoulder felt like it was screaming. She leaned against the building she had climbed down on, and realized her mask was still on. She pulled her hood further up, and in pain, limped into an alleyway. Pulling her mask off and putting it into her (soaked) satchel, she breathed in and out slowly. Now her face was visible again, her wine-colored eye set on a rather pale face with a set of freckles going down her nose and under her eyes. The right side of her face was covered by a large swathe of her dark brown hair, while the rest of it fell behind her head and hugged her neck. She had some of it tied into a strange ponytail that made one think of a pair of sharks. She took a step forward, figuring out where she was, when suddenly her leg gave out on her, and she collapsed into a puddle. *Fuck,* she thought. And everything suddenly fell away.



# 2
# ALONE
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 2:30PM, CST
### JUNE 1ST, 2028
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 19

Five years ago...

It had been a week since they took her. A week since they killed her mother, aswell. And now Cisila was back inside her parents' house after a gruelling 48 hours of being tested on like a rat. She was sitting on the couch, and felt her hands shaking. She hadn't stopped feeling *wrong* since they put whatever it was inside of her. It felt like something else was living inside of her, and it was something she *hated.* Cisila wanted to throw herself into the ocean and never come back up. Without her mother, she had no guidance. And the week she had disappeared just had to have been the same week her college started. 

Machines and engineering had always fascinated her, and she'd chosen that college to learn how to become an engineer. And now she couldn't, because of whatever bullshit PALMER-EDEN had just put her through. She felt more frail than a stick, like a gust of wind would kill her. And...she reached up to her face and touched the right side of it. She felt the wires sticking out of the bottom of her right eye, and flinched. It felt wrong. It felt VERY wrong. She knew her eye also looked unnatural, and knew she'd have to cover it. But something like an eyepatch made her cringe, *I'm not a pirate,* she thought. Sunglasses were her next thought, but those would just be rude to wear all the time. *Especially at night,*  she leaned back. *Who wears sunglasses at night?* There was only one thing she could think to do that wouldn't really disturb her eyesight - and it was to grow her hair out and force it to cover the right of her face. But for now, sunglasses would do. She solemnly got up, looking around the house where she grew up. It was sizeable, but she couldn't keep it. She looked down at the floor of the living room and saw the dried blood on the floor. *Is it mine?* She wondered. *Or is it mom's?* She couldn't tell. IN fact, Cisila didn't WANT to be able to tell.

She looked around the empty, ghostly house. It was decorated, but sparsely. Pictures of her parents and herself were on a mantlepiece, and a large painting of her father was hung on the wall opposite the TV. It was her older sister who had painted that...she walked up to it, and looked at the signature. She sighed - her sister had disappeared a couple of years ago, after her father died. She wasn't dead, as she privately knew, but living in another state. She hadn't told her mother about this, because she *knew* her mother would have rooted the whole house up and left, just to be with another family member.

Then, Cisila studied the painting. She missed her father. He had this polite look on his face in the painting, and had a medal pinned to his shirt. She shook her head sadly. The medal was stowed away somewhere in the basement, but she didn't feel like looking for it. She could barely hold it together when she was just *in* the house, let alone looking for something her father had owned. She turned away from the painting and strode across the living room, towards an old phone sitting on a table next to the large, squishy couch she used to sleep on. Picking it up, she dialed her sister's number. She had to get the hell out of this city, at least until she felt better about herself.

The phone rang for a few seconds, before her sister picked up and said in her bored voice, "Sis? That you?"

Cisila nodded, though she forgot she wasn't talking to her sister. "Yes- it's...me. Yeah." Cisila struggled to speak. "You alright? You don't sound too good, gal." Her sister always used to fuss over Cisila. "No..." She was speaking in a loud whisper. "Mom's- mom's dead." There was a brief silence, before her sister broke it. "She's...she's what?" Her sister's tone had immediately changed, from worried to serious. "What happened?"

Cisila made some kind of noise, like a mumble, then responded: "I- can't tell you. I need to get...out of here. You..." She breathed in, "you wouldn't happen to have any- any jobs for me, would you?" She clenched one of her fists. She knew the only way she'd get out of this city was if she took some kind of backwater job, preferably out in the middle of nowhere. She wanted to make sense of this, by herself.

Her sister sighed, "Yes. I've got something. You're lucky, too..." She paused for a moment.

"You up to be a fire lookout?" She finally said.

*A fire lookout?* This job was almost *perfect* for what she wanted. Out in the middle of nowhere, nobody disturbing her. And a friend if she needed one. She felt her body calm down as she heard her sister continue, "You'll be, well, looking for fires. Obviously. In a big lookout. You'll be all alone except for some of the best radio and communication services we have out here."

Cisila continued to calm herself down, and nodded. "Alright," she mumbled. "I'll go."

She said goodbye to her sister, and put the phone down. She was going to go get her motorcycle out of the garage, get her satchel, her laptop, and everything else she needed. Whatever else she didn't need was staying right here.

Except for a couple of things, maybe...



# 3
# JOSERTÉ
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 10:15PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila woke up, still lying in the puddle. The puddle was now dyed a deep red, from her blood. She didn't want to move at all, nervous that she might do more damage to herself. She breathed in, and breathed out, rolling herself onto her back. It was still raining, as raindrops fell on her face. Her clothes were still drenched- though her exoskeleton had disappeared. She blinked a couple times, and became aware of the ringing in her eyes. She couldn't feel the injuries, nor could she feel *anything*. She was just lying there.

She lifted her hand into the air and flexed her fingers, and began to feel how sore she was. She grumbled to herself and let her arm fall back to her side. She heard something and immediately felt more awake. *One of those guys? Come here to finish me?* On impulse, her blade immediately constructed itself in her hand, and she attempted to spring up. Instead of jumping right up onto her feet, she collapsed again and had to use her sword as a crutch. Cisila looked around, and saw a figure approaching. She could feel her heartrate increase, as the person came nearer. *Who was it? Am I about to-* Suddenly, the person clicked on a flashlight right at Cisila.

Cisila breathed a sigh of relief, it was *not* someone trying to kill her. The person approached her, and knelt beside her. They were wearing a white hoodie, accentuated by red. They sighed, but Cisila couldn't see their expression in the darkness. "You...really need to stop doing this." Cisila rolled her eyes, *Of course.* she thought. That was always their first words whenever something like this happened. The only thing Cisila saw that indicated any expression under their hood were their lips twitching. "Don't give me that. I'm trying to help you, you know." Yeah, right. Cisila slumped back against the alley wall, and sighed. She finally spoke, "If you were trying to help me, you'd just let me do what I want." They pulled their hood down- and Cisila immediately felt as though she was being pierced by their eyes - those strangely bright green eyes, like they were almost glowing. Dani made eye contact with her, "If I let you do what you wanted, you'd end up like this every single night. And I'd have to wander around looking for you...*every. Night.* Think about that for a second," They paused for a moment, rubbing their forehead. Cisila broke the eye contact and instead staring at the snake tattoo running down their cheek, and slinked down their neck.  It was a weird tattoo, and Cisila always wondered what it was supposed to mean. She slowly looked back up and met Dani's eyes again, her expression attempting to be blank. "...I don't need you to look for me." Dani snorted, and responded slyly, "You're bleeding out. You would've died." And they were right. Begrudgingly, she muttered, "Mmm...right. Just- get me out of here." Dani got up and helped Cisila up, but before they took their first step, they said, "You better tell me what you were doing, though."

Cisila rolled her eyes again. As if.

An hour later, Dani led her into the interior of an old, large lighthouse on the coast of Lake Michigan. The inside was littered was a bunch of mish-mashed pieces of old furniture, and a workshop hidden away in the dark. It was pretty damp, but it was their second home. Cisila would hide here in case she got injured, as was the case in the moment. Dani helped Cisila sit down in a moth-eaten, squishy armchair, and they started to look at Cisila's wounds. "Jesus," they started. "Did you get shot?"

She bedgrudgingly nodded. She felt like she could've fought back, had she had her own firearm. Maybe then she wouldn't be hurting like a bitch right now. "I need a knife," Dani mumbled. Cisila raised an eyebrow, slightly concerned. "...For the bullets." They said. "I need to get the bullets out." Oh. That made sense. She held her hand up and constructed one of her knives in the palm of her hand, and gave it to Dani. They flipped it around in their hands, examining it. "Looks professional...how long did it take you to make this one?" Cisila thought back... "Three weeks of work. Just for a...knife." She leaned back, and immediately felt a wave of disappointment in herself. She never had to think *that* hard about materials whenever she used to draw up designs for something, and was able to make them easier - and she would still do that, but she didn't *have* supplies. She didn't have the money to keep up on parts, and with her ability, she shouldn't have to. So she resentfully used the ability, learning how it worked over a course of four years. *FOUR.* And she still took months to make something. She shook her head, "I was never happy with it." Dani scoffed - "I really, sincerely don't get why you treat yourself like this." They held the knife up. "You created this out of literal nothing. How can you not be happy with it?" Of course. Dani didn't get it. Cisila rested her head against her hand, and mumbled, "Can you just...get this over with...please?"

And then, another painful hour later, now wrapped up in bandages, Cisila was sipping a cup of tea. She was still in the armchair. Dani had disappeared up the stairs of the lighthouse, and was probably messing around in their room at the top. Cisila had no idea if she actually lived up there, or if it was their hideout, like Cisila used the place. They did own the lighthouse, after all. It was their property, and they just let Cisila use it. Ever since she'd met Dani, they'd worked really well together (for the most part).

It was just...they led some kind of (she thought for a moment, trying to find the right word) brotherhood. She never understood why Dani led it, or why it was even a thing. She always worked alone, and it usually went well for her. She shook her head to herself, *was it really the best idea, though?* She quickly pushed that thought out and sipped her tea again. 

-

Three years ago...

Cisila kicked down the door to an old house in the outskirts of the city, and drove her blade straight through the first thug in the doorway. She shoved him against the wall, pulled her blade out and walked down the hallway. Stealth was *not* her intention here. Rounding another corner, she almost slammed right into another thug. He stepped back in shock, (*fear*, she noticed. The mask was doing its job.) and for a second, he didn't do anything. She was about to stab him, but her reaction time wasn't good enough. The thug managed to swing one of his fists before Cisila could even do anything - she could barely get out of the way before it hit her. She dropped her blade, grabbed his arm, and felt a memory flash through her head. In one swift motion, she broke the thug's arm, grabbed his chest, and slammed him to the floor. *Dad would've loved that.* She scopped up her blade and stepped over the thug, who was writhing in pain. She didn't care whether they lived or died, as long as she could stop them. 

*What are you even stopping them for?*, her mind whispered. They were criminals...buying stuff off the black market for PALMER-EDEN. She was going to cut off every goddamned tendril that connected to PALMER-EDEN. She was now moving automatically, her thoughts focused on that *company.* She rounded another corner, *I'll make them pay I'll make them pay I'll make them pay*, her mind whined. As she rounded the corner, she had absolutely no time to react when-

She felt someone bash what felt like a brick against the back of her head. She was still for a moment, and then stumbled to the ground and let go of her blade - it clattered to the floor. She suddenly felt the pain. The pain. Jesus, it HURT. She grabbed hold of the back of her head and felt blood trickle through her fingers. *FUCK,* she screamed internally. She whirled around and attempted to grab her blade, but felt her vision going blurry. Everything had gone blurry - the buzzing in her ears became more prominent. She HAD to get up. She *had* to stop them, no matter what they would do to her. She'd-

And then the man who had attacked her fell to the floor, and through her blurry vision, she noticed...he'd lost his head. Her eyes went wide. *Did I do that? How did I...* but her question was quickly answered. This was where Cisila first met Dani. It was the exact same situation, almost - Dani had to rescue an injured Cisila. But she still had no idea why she had done it in the first place.

Dani grabbed Cisila by her collar, and dragged her back out of the house. "You idiot." She'd remember them saying, "I've seen you on the news- you have to stop." Oh. The news. 

Cisila mumbled, "Didn't...mean to do...any of that." Especially the fire. She was trying to stop a gang from selling illegal weapons, but ended up setting an entire harbour ablaze. Dani audibly sighed, "I know. I'm trying to help you. But I need to get you out of here." Cisila struggled, and grunted. "Can't- got to...stop- them." Dani tugged Cisila out of the old house, and set her down against one of the walls, kneeling in front of her and pulling some medical supplies out of their satchel. "Your head's bleeding. You were hit with a *brick.* You can't." Cisila shook her head. She didn't need help. She NEVER needed help, especially from some stranger who might've probably ripped someone's head off.

But there was no stopping Dani- and after, they talked. Dani learned of Cisila's story, and invited her to work with their...brotherhood. Or whatever the hell it was. 
And so started Cisila's only relationship that actually mattered. It was like a master, and a student. Vaguely. It really didn't matter.



# 4
# DAY IN, DAY OUT
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 6:01AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 30TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/0AAMnNeIc6CdnfNU85GwCH?si=484496d2a2a54994
##### Self Love - Metro Boomin, Coi Leray - Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse Soundtrack

She'd gotten back home at around five in the morning, and fainted in her bed. Then, when her alarm went off ( at *six*, she remembered. Christ.) she reluctantly got out of bed, still dead tired, and started getting ready for the day. She emptied her satchel, and put the mask down on her bed. Her room was really small and there was nowhere to hide the things that V (Dani had given her that name) used in the night. Except for one place. She picked the mask up, got down on her hands and knees, and lifted up one of the floorboards. There was a decent space beneath the floor for her to hide something - and, if she emptied it, she bet she could squeeze herself in there. Barely. She put the mask in the space under the floorboard, and dropped the floorboard back on it. She got up, stretched (she felt her spine crack- she'd been sitting for too long) and realized she was still wearing her stupid vigilante outfit. A dark blue hoodie, a leather jacket, and her most worn pair of cargo pants - plus some old combat boots (*Her dad's...*). She quickly got her usual outfit on- her favourite purple shirt, and a light grey pair of cargo pants. She pulled on a pair of socks, and picked up a necklace off her bedside table. Holding it up to the light, the blue sapphire glinted in what little light there was. She pulled it on and tried not to give it another thought, and stepped out of her room with her satchel.

She sidled her way past the couch in the apartment, and snatched up the case for her earbuds, flicking open the case and pulling out the two earbuds. She slid both of them into her ears and shoved the case into her satchel. She pulled on her shoes and was about to leave when she paused, and rummaged through her satchel. Pulling out a pack of gum and sliding it open, she picked out a stick of gum and popped it into her mouth. Then, she flung her satchel over her shoulder and left her apartment. 

As soon as she left and stepped out onto the sidewalk outside, she felt tired. Again. She grumbled to herself and made her way down the sidewalk, sidling past other people heading towards their jobs at this stupid time. She made her way down a set of stairs into the subway station, knowing she had gotten there at just the right time. Like every other day. As she walked down into the station, she spotted someone she worked with- and immediately averted her eyes. *Nope.* She thought. *Nuh uh.* She forced herself to wait further down in the station, to avoid talking to *that* girl for as long as possible.

The subway slid in and came to a stop (with an immense *screeching*) and the doors creaked open. Stepping in, she saw that the subway was emptier than usual, but still couldn't find a place to sit, so she held onto one of the metal poles extruding from the floor of the subway, and pulled out her phone. As the subway began to speed up again, it wobbled back and forth on the ricket tracks that it was running on, and ascended above the ground onto the raised bridges that parts of the subway ran on.

She looked up and saw the usual sights - faceless buildings flying by, each looking identical. She spotted a coffee shop she liked whizz by, and a small break in the buildings showed a park. *And across that park...* She tried to see it, but more buildings began to fly by instead. She shook her head and sighed, looking around the subway cart. *What the...* She spotted the girl she'd *avoided* looking at before, and also specifically tried to get away from. How'd she get in here? She tilted her head and watched the black-haired girl scroll on her phone. It was her supervisor, Lyla. She had red streaks going through her hair that looked as though they were blood (who'd do that?) and had this constant, tired look to her, as though she drank too much coffee and didn't get enough sleep. She suddenly looked up at met Cisila's eyes, and smiled. Cisila immediately looked away, feeling her cheeks turn red. She realized she must've made a weird face, because out of the corner of her eye, she could see Lyla giggle a bit. *Well that's not good.* 

For her work. Yes, for her work. Lyla'd make fun of her. No other reason. She pushed those *other* embarrassing thoughts out of her head as the train tumbled along. It took another few minutes to get to her stop, but she heard the *ding* and the announcer state the next stop. She exhaled, and shut her eyes. The train came to a slow stop, and she felt herself lurch to the side as it did. She opened her eyes, and sidled through the other people on the subway. As the doors opened, she was one of the first to get out - she was keeping her pace up to avoid running into Lyla. She lightly jogged up the stairs and back up onto the street (the train had descended back into the underground on its route) and blinked indignantly as the light hit her eyes again. She felt like a bat sometimes, with how much the sun annoyed her. *I've got to fix my sleep schedule,* her mind mumbled. She reluctantly let out a yawn and looked around at the city around her. It was beginning to wake up itself, the sidewalks had begun to fill with people- jostling each other on accident. Some were in a rush, some didn't seem to care. And some just seemed to be enjoying the daylight *(How?)* She broke into a stride and continued her trip to her workplace. 

She finally got to the bookstore at about seven, and pushed open the doors. Immediately, the smell of paper hit her. She blinked, and felt her heartrate calm down. Books, even though she didn't really read...always seemed to calm her down. She walked past the entrance desk, waving at the employee currently there. Poor guy looked tired. Heading into the 'employees only' area, she flopped down on a small couch and let out a loud sigh. 

"Tired?" Someone suddenly said to her. Cisila made a strange squeak indignantly and looked around for the owner of the voice. Lyla was leaning against a doorway, already in her work stuff. *How did she get here before me?!* "I-" Cisila started, "I- uh- ...yes?" her eyes had gone wide. "But how'd you-" Lyla shook her head, "I'm just faster than you, I guess." Huh? Did she GUESS what she was thinking? Or was she a MIND READER? *CAN LYLA SEE MY THOUGHTS???????* Her mind very RELUCTANTLY began playing a film of VERY EMBARRASSING thoughts before she forced it to shut down. *No, of course not.* She blinked. Lyla was looking at her weird, "You really should get, like...a coffee or something. You look like you died." Cisila rubbed her eye, and nodded. "I'll be fine...just don't make me do anything that requires any effort." Lyla rolled her eyes, "This is the third time this week you've shown up like this. I can't just keep letting you sit around and yawn, y'know." Hm. Lyla *was* right. Maybe doing something more productive would wake her up more... "Nevermind- nevermind." Cisila mumbled. "I can sort through the books and check the log if you want." Lyla waved her hand at Cisila, dismissively. "Nah. You can do whatever you feel like, because it doesn't really matter today." Cisila felt her brow furrow in confusion. "...Why?" She asked. Lyla didn't usually let anyone off. "Well-" Lyla started, and sat down next to Cisila- who felt herself stiffen. "I know you've got something else going on, and I don't want overexert you." Cisila stared at Lyla, extremely confused... "I...think I'm still going to go sort books. I need something to...uh...do." Cisila jumped onto her feet and went to exit the room. "Oh." Lyla sounded disappointed. "Alright then." 

Cisila quickly left the room and her mind was swimming with thoughts. *Did I just make her sad? What did she want?* As she started sorting through the books, all she could think about was Lyla, Lyla, Lyla. She barely thought about her own boyfriend anymore- not that you could really call him one. Seemed like they were more like vague acquaintances who pretended to be dating. *Mikhail,* Her mind whispered. *Wonder what he's up to right now.* She paused and pulled out her phone, but saw no messages from Mikhail. She frowned, and put her phone away before continuing to sort through the books. Suddenly, after what felt like several hours of sorting (and was, she checked her watch), she felt someone nudge her shoulder playfully. Cisila jumped from shock and whirled around to face whoever it was (she was TERRIFIED that it was Lyla) but she instead saw someone keel over in laughter- Cisila's expression dropped from shock to a blank-faced *"goddamnit"* look. It was Kasey- who stood back up and shook her head, still giggling. "Jumpy today?" She mumbled between giggles. Cisila stared at her, still blank-faced. "Little bit." Cisila mumbled. Kasey's giggles finally subsided and she leaned against a table. "Don't worry about it, your secret's safe with me." Cisila felt her lip twitch but rolled her eyes, pretending not to know what this 'secret' was. 

Instead, Cisila shifted the conversation. "What are you doing here so early?" Usually, Kasey showed up around lunchtime. "Oh," Kasey started. "Couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd show up early." Cisila slowly nodded, "I couldn't sleep either." Kasey shook her head, and her poofy hair shook with it. It was tied up into a high ponytail, and a pair of sunglasses stuck out of her hair, which Cisila never saw her wear. "I get it - I mean, you..." Kasey stared at Cisila for a moment, "...you really look like shit." Cisila let out a small giggle, "Got a lot on my mind." That was true. Cisila didn't have to say *what* was going on, but she wasn't lying. Kasey smiled, nodding. "You always do, don'tcha?" Kasey patted Cisila's shoulder, "I'd tell you to focus on your job, but you uh..." she glanced at the stacks of books, "...seemed to have finished already. You should go find Lyla, yeah?" Cisila nodded. "Don't know if it's-" She started. Kasey clapped a hand over Cisila's mouth. "Nuh uh," she said. "You'll live. Lyla isn't going to murder you for having a teeny crush on her." Cisila guessed she was right, and dejectedly took a step back. "Alright..." She mumbled. Kasey leaned in a *little* bit closer, and muttered, "See you after work?" Cisila's eyes brightened a bit. Something to do! She nodded. "Come get me at my apartment. I'll pack my stuff." Kasey smiled, knowing what she meant. She patted Cisila's shoulder again and walked off, probably to go put the books back on the shelves. 

Cisila turned away and headed down the hallway and towards Lyla's office. 

# 5
# SWEETHEART
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 7:20PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 30TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/5wfllwdjglyQislkskYLBv?si=89585fe85bce4917
##### Day 'N' Nite (nightmare) - Kid Cudi - Man On The Moon: The End Of Day (Deluxe)

She pushed open the door to Lyla's office slowly and reluctantly peeked in. Lyla was sitting at her desk, with her legs resting on top of it. A window was wide open and the cool autumn air from outside was pouring in. Cisila slowly stepped in and shut the door behind her, and Lyla nodded at her. "Done?" She said. Cisila nodded quietly and sat down on a chair, crossing her arms. She didn't exactly know what to say. Lyla took her legs off the desk and leaned towards Cisila, staring at her. "Something to say?" Cisila shook her head. She *really* didn't want to talk. She felt that, if she opened her mouth, she'd just faint. Every time she was alone with Lyla, it always felt like this. Lyla leaned back in her chair, and spun it around, "Alright then," She looked rather cheerful (*Why's that? Is it because I'm here? Did I do that?*) and slightly more awake than usual. "You can head out for the day, if you want." She brought her chair to a stop and leaned on her desk. "Also, you look pretty pale- *and* tired. I don't want you being sick, so...you can go. Seriously." She sounded sincere about that. Cisila knew that she didn't like it when anyone came in feeling sick, or stressed. Cisila herself managed to hide her stress well enough to work most days (*Because I have to*) but some days, Lyla would catch on and send her back home. Cisila never *ever* liked that- even if being out and about stressed her out, she still needed to do her job. She wasn't going to get paid for being anxious, she was going to get paid for doing what she was SUPPOSED to do.

Cisila nodded, and finally spoke. "Yeah...th- thanks." She mumbled quieter than normal, and felt herself choke on her words. She winced and got up quickly. Lyla popped up from her chair and grabbed Cisila's hand before she left. "Hang on a minute." Cisila knew her eyes went wide and felt her face burn, but she couldn't hide it. "What do you...need?" She asked quickly. Lyla shook her head, "You really should talk more." She let go of Cisila's hand, "I know how you feel, and it just- it disappoints me that you don't..." Lyla's lip twitched, "...talk to me more."

Cisila blinked. *SHIT.* her mind yelled at her. *YOU IDIOT!* She tugged her hand back and awkwardly shook her head. She didn't want to say anything, so instead of responding, she slid towards the door. Lyla just stood there, blank faced. Giving her the silent treatment wasn't helping, but Cisila didn't think there was a better option. She opened the door slowly and snuck a peek back at Lyla, and their eyes met for a moment. Whatever was going on in Lyla's head, she wasn't sure she wanted to hear anything else. She slid out of the room and shut the door behind her, touching her face. It was embarrassingly warm - as it always was whenever she had to talk to Lyla. She didn't understand why her face had to always turn so red *every single time.* She broke into a quick stride and went to check her watch. *Oh man,* She thought. It was half past seven already. She'd managed to spend a lot of her day just sorting books, so much so that she probably went through the whole catalogue twice-over before she was actually done. Turning a corner over to the break room, she snatched her satchel up from the couch, and slung it over her shoulder. Zipping it open, she dove a hand into it, rummaging. She pulled her earbuds' case out and flipped it open (she'd taken off the earbuds earlier in the day - they had begun to irritate her ears), pulling out the earbuds and sliding them back into her ears. 

She was just about to tune out everything with her music when suddenly- Lyla popped into the room. Cisila felt herself squirm, and Lyla looked around the room before approaching Cisila quietly. "...Sorry if I startled you." She muttered. Cisila shut her eyes for a moment and let out a long sigh. "It's..." she started, "it's- it's fine." She struggled to even string together a sentence. "I'm just...it's just..." she couldn't even put together a second. Lyla sat down on the couch, and looked up at Cisila. She seemed *much* more relaxed than Cisila ever could be (*I've really got to learn how...*) and smiled. Cisila felt her stomach turn. "Look, I...really don't mean to keep startling you." Lyla started. Cisila nodded. She didn't like it, either. Lyla sighed, "But it's really hard." Where was this going? Cisila decided to sit down next to Lyla. "You're always so focused on something, and I hate interrupting it." Lyla continued, "And it never feels like I get to talk to you. I want to help you, you know, but I can't if you just..." She mimed zipping her mouth shut. Cisila mumbled, "Well...I'm sure we can- figure something...out." She felt queasy. Being this close to Lyla was *not* helping. But something in her head suddenly pushed her to say something- "Hey-" She started. She felt herself speak up. Her mind tried to protest, but she blurted it out.

"Why can't you come over to my place? I'm sure we could- be friends. I-" Cisila stopped. And breathed. Lyla cocked her head to the side, intrigued. Cisila, after a moment, continued. "...I just...really like you." Now it was *Lyla's* turn to look a little embarrassed. Had Cisila put too much emphasis on that? It felt like it. A little color appeared in Lyla's pale face, and she took a moment. After what felt like an eternity, Lyla spoke. "Right. Yeah. I'm..." She shifted and leaned back into the couch, and for a moment - Cisila felt disappointment oncoming, "...surprised I didn't think of that first." Cisila's heart seemed to soar inside of her chest! She *really* wanted to! Cisila smiled - probably the first time in a few hours. "Yes!" She exclaimed. "Tonight. We- we can go back together. It's not that...big of a deal." Cisila jumped up from the couch. Lyla raised an eyebrow, then got up aswell. "Alright..." Lyla met Cisila's eyes for a moment, and then, out of the blue...wrapped her arms around Cisila. Cisila's eyes went wide and she gasped a little- (*Not healthy to get this excited, right...?*) and stood paralyzed. Lyla, she noticed, was pretty warm. And soft. And pretty.

She shook her head and awkwardly giggled, which caught Lyla's attention and she quickly drew back. "Well-" Lyla started, "Let's- let's go then." Cisila nodded, and feeling her sickness subside and be replaced by sheer euphoria, happily walked out of the library with Lyla.

Getting on the subway, and heading home, felt *better.* Now it wasn't a slog like it was every other day, but she had a *reason* to go home. A *reason* to be normal- and most importantly, a reason to finally, *finally* spend some time with Lyla. They were sitting together on the subway (*maybe a bit close...*) and chatting- now that she was feeling better, she was all chit-chat. And it felt good. It felt absolutely amazing. But in a little corner of her mind, there was a doubt. What if Lyla really only thought of her as a friend? Then all the little things she'd imagined would never happen.

But hey, right now, that didn't matter. As they got off the subway, and out of the station, she noticed that Lyla looked happier than usual aswell. Privately, Cisila wondered if she didn't have anyone else to talk to- or worse, the people she *did* talk to were horrible. Finally, after what felt like a blur, they entered Cisila's apartment.

Walking in, Cisila suddenly realized she was *not* prepared for a guest. The apartment was a mess- dishes hadn't been cleaned, clothes had been left out, and it generally looked like a mess. Lyla peeked over her shoulder, "Not much of a clean freak?" She pondered. Cisila shook her head. "I just...didn't expect anyone, I guess. You mind?" She looked back at Lyla, who shook her head. Smiling, she shut the door behind herself and Lyla. "Feel free to make yourself at home." She chirped. 

-

Two hours later, Lyla was sprawled along the lone couch in the living room, and Cisila was sitting on the floor, leaning back against the same couch. The only light in the room now, came from Cisila's sizable TV. They were watching a show- it turned out, through their conversations, that they enjoyed a lot of similar things. So, naturally, they had agreed on watching something they knew they enjoyed. Cisila and Lyla were both silent, watching the show. Any and all distractions had been erased from both's minds, as they paid attention to the show. Any good joke would get a giggle out of one of them, but otherwise, they continued to be silent. Minutes, turning into hours, ticked by. Episode by episode, they enjoyed themselves. Sometimes, they paused to chat about something that happened in the episode, what it meant, and was it even a good episode? Cisila really enjoyed this, and she could tell that Lyla did aswell. Lyla looked much, *much* happier than Cisila had ever seen her. Someone to talk to? That had to have been all, she reminded herself.

Another two hours, and likely a whole season's worth of episodes, they ended up sitting closer. And closer. *Too close?* Cisila's mind wondered. Lyla's shoulder was touching Cisila's, (*eugh,*) and Lyla had her hand on Cisila's thigh, which made her *extremely* nervous. Her anxiousness had re-appeared, but she didn't feel like moving. Her emotions felt like they were battling each other, *move away!* or *no, stay!*, a constant back and forth that she forced to end, by putting an arm around Lyla. 

But it made her feel even *worse* when Lyla leaned into Cisila and RESTED HER HEAD ON CISILA?? She felt her heart going crazy, and knew that Lyla probably could too. But, nothing could change that. They were sitting in silence, still, and the TV had turned off. So they were alone, in the dim-lit apartment. Cisila opened her mouth to say something, but...she couldn't think of anything to say. It didn't feel like she *had* to say anything.

But in her head, she was *so, so* thankful. It was like they had lifted each other up.

# 6
# KASEY
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:01AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 31ST, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Someone was poking her. Probably to get her to wake up. But she didn't *want* to wake up. Nuh uh. But the poking continued, until whoever it was prodded her eye- Cisila jolted upright with a small squeak- "Ow!" She rubbed her eye and blinked, looking up at whoever had poked her. Oh...it was Kasey. She was sitting on the coffee table, clearly waiting for Cisila. "Took you long enough to wake up, huh?" She nodded towards Lyla, who was also asleep on the floor.

Oh, dear. They had fallen asleep together. Oh *no,* that was incredibly embarrassing. Cisila felt her face turn red. Kasey was the *worst* possible person to find out about this. But Kasey seemed to understand what Cisila was thinking, "Don't worry," she chirped. "I don't think she'll care. And I won't tell anyone...so long as you don't forget about me again." Cisila rolled her eyes, and begrudgingly got up. "Sorry," she muttered. "Lyla wanted to...uh..." she realized what the scene looked like, and felt her face turn even *more* red. "Well- uh- h-hang out." She spluttered. Kasey giggled. "Right, right..." She got up aswell and patted Cisila's shoulder. "No worries. Again, secret's safe with me." Cisila swatted Kasey's hand away from her shoulder and stretched. "Try not to...wake her up." She mumbled. "We have to move." Kasey nodded, and walked towards an open window. *Oh,* Cisila realized. *She climbed in.* Picking up her satchel, she instead headed for her bedroom and pulled her mask out from beneath the floorboards. Its mechanical lenses glowed ominously purple, as if to say, *"I see you".* It made her shudder- so she shoved it into her satchel and got up, putting the floorboards back down and heading back to Kasey.

Once she was back with Kasey, she held a finger up at Kasey to indicate she needed another moment. She picked up a pencil off the coffee table and a stack of sticky notes, and wrote on the sticky note: "I'm out. I'll swing by the library later - C", and stuck it to Lyla's forehead. *She looks cute,* her mind thought randomly. UGH. She walked back up to Kasey, "Alright. She said. "Good to go. You ready?" Kasey smiled and nodded, "Let's get outta here." They climbed through the window one by one, and Cisila shut (and locked) the window after they climbed out. As soon as she turned to face the street, she felt colder. It was the final day of September, she realized. It was going to continue to get colder...and soon enough, it would probably snow.

But that didn't matter right now. As soon as they reached the roof, they paused. "...Now what?" Cisila asked. Kasey sighed. "Yeah, I dunno..." She put her hands on her hips, looking around at the city that surrounded them. "Could go for a run." That was what they usually did; Chicago had a lot of tall buildings that the two of them could easily climb up or through. Neon signs littered the skyscrapers and cars rumbling along could be heard in the streets down below. "A run..." Cisila repeated. She nodded, turning around to look for a path. "We can do that." Kasey cracked a smile, and immediately broke into a sprint straight for the edge of the building. "Hey!" Cisila yelled, lunging forward and sprinting after her. "You're not gonna win!" Kasey leaped off the edge of the building first, flying through the air over to the next rooftop. Cisila jumped aswell, feeling her muscles strain as she leaped. She landed feetfirst and stumbled for a moment before continuing to run after Kasey. Her satchel bounced up and down against her hip as she ran, putting her slightly off balance. Kasey was just a few paces ahead of her, and seemed to have a path in her head. Suddenly, Kasey was sliding under and vaulting over obstacles in their path - be it vents or A/C units. Cisila instead chose to duck around the obstacles - she hated having to jump over things. They two continued to run across the rooftops for a few minutes, before Kasey slid to a stop at the edge of yet another apartment building. Cisila slowed down and stopped next to her, catching her breath. Kasey was staring at something in the alleyway below. Clutching the stitch in her side, Cisila peeked over. What met their eyes was a devastating scene.

The alleyway was quiet. But there were streaks of blood running along the walls and the ground, up to a body. A body that was mangled horribly- twisted the wrong way...and from their vantage point, it looked as though the body had been torn open. Kasey shuddered as she seemed to notice. "Who...did this?" Cisila kneeled down to try and get a closer look. Her mind had sprung into action- her first thought was that it wasn't a person- no human was capable of tearing a person apart like that. But then, what WOULD have done it? No animal could have done that, either. None living in Chicago, at least. Then she looked up, realizing something. "Kasey," She said. "Where are we?" Kasey looked around for a moment- and Cisila realized that they'd ran pretty far. "I think...near the West Loop." Kasey said. Immediately, Cisila stood up (*ouch-*) and sputtered, "We should move. We can't-" Kasey clapped a hand over Cisila's mouth, "I think we should at least get a closer look, right?" Cisila aggressively shook her head. It was dangerous to go near the body now that they had figured out where they were. "Well, let's go then!" And Kasey dropped right off the edge of the building. Cisila's heart dropped before she remembered-

Kasey landed fine. Cisila followed her right down, as she knew that heights couldn't hurt her either. She felt a mechanical *buzz* that ran up through her legs from her feet as they slammed against the ground. Inside her, the mechanical exoskeleton absorbed all the forces. She shuddered. The ambience in the alleyway was much worse than it was above. Only a weak set of lights lit the alleyway. The body was lying against a dumpster, in a pool of drying blood.

The two approached it slowly. Now much closer, they could see- something strange had happened. The corpse hadn't just been torn open, but...organs were *missing.* And some bones too- Cisila noticed the corpse's entire ribcage was missing. She looked up at the face, hoping it could be identified. Whoever had done this had also smashed the victim's face in, making them unidentifiable. As she got as close as she dared, she wondered...what had made the killer take a set of organs, and even more strangely...the ribcage? Kasey shook her head, sighing. "This doesn't make any sense..." Cisila knew she must have noticed the same things. Stepping back from the corpse (she had just caught the smell of it...) and crossing her arms, she scanned the corpse with her eyes one last time. No definitive modus operandi, unless you counted tearing apart a victim one. The only strange thing, again, was the missing organs. The smashed in face. Someone knew what they were doing, but Cisila couldn't figure out *what.* 

After a few seconds of silence, Kasey spoke. "It kind of seems like someone murdered this...uh...person to steal their organs. Might be organ trading." Cisila glanced at Kasey. "Organ trading..." Cisila repeated. Then the pieces clicked into place. There were three notorious organized crime gangs in the city. One specialized in organ trading. It would make sense, had it been in the right sector. But it wasn't. "Kasey...I don't think it was them." She said. Kasey stared at her, confused. Cisila continued, "It's not their turf. They wouldn't dare touch the Serpents' turf, would they? Nobody would. It'd cause a..."

"...Gang war." Kasey finished for her. Questions filled Cisila's head again- was this on purpose? Or perhaps, some horrible accident? Was it even someone in one of the gangs? Or was it someone who wanted everything to go to hell? Or maybe...just maybe...it was a terrible coincidence. Just as she was trying to fit the pieces together in her head, she heard yelling. She perked up and look at Kasey again-

The yelling was coming from behind them. Someone had found them right at the scene of the crime.
Was it the police?

# 7
# RAVEN TALONED LUNACY
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:31AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 31ST, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila immediately dove her hand into her satchel and pulled out her mask- the dim purple glow from the eyes of it stared at her as she lifted it up to her face in a panic. As she pushed it onto her face, she felt it fasten itself to her face. She hated how alive it felt- like it *knew* what it was being used for. After a couple of seconds, her eyesight adjusted to the mask, and she whirled around. Kasey had pulled a scarf up to her nose in an attempt to cover her face. They had just been caught at the scene of a murder, of course. But what was approaching them...clearly wasn't police.

Men rushed into the alleyway, wildly waving pistols and yelling. "THEY GOT THE BOSS!" One of them yelled. Cisila recoiled. "RUN!" She shrieked. The Serpents had found them right in the middle of the worst place possible. Kasey nodded at Cisila and leaped onto a fire escape, climbing away. Kasey didn't have any weapons on her, unlike Cisila. The Serpent members slid to a stop in front of her and pointed their pistols at her. "What the hell didya do to the boss?!" She cocked her head at them, thinking of something to say. Her heart was beating hard. "The boss? That?" She pointed behind herself with her thumb, right towards the broken corpse. One of the men stepped closer and put his pistol uncomfortably close to her head. "You murderin' scumbag. That was our Boss! The Cobra!" Under the mask, Cisila's eyes went wide. For a moment, she'd assumed the corpse was just some random midranking grunt when these men called it the boss. But, no...it was the Cobra, the overarching leader of the Serpents gang. 

This whole thing had just gotten a lot worse, and before she could even try to calm down the Serpent members, one of them said, "Y'think she was hired by the Crows? Looks like a hired mercenary to me. Whadda we do with her?" The one holding their gun to her head looked back at the other members. 

She took her chance- in her hand, a knife suddenly appeared, folding and clicking together quietly. She drove it through the man's head. In a split second, the gang members shrieked. She snatched up the dead man's pistol and wildly shot it at the three other members that had approached. Throwing it down, unsure if she even hit anything, her blade constructed itself in her hands and she lunged towards the rest, and with one big slash, the three of them fell- cleaved in half. Not good. Not good at all. Now four Serpent members, in addition to the Cobra, had died in this alleyway. It was too dangerous to stay- and Cisila pulled her mask off and climbed up the same fire escape that Kasey had taken. She was gone now, probably back to her own home, and Cisila didn't mind. 

She wasn't sure what she had to do next, as she ran back along the rooftops. The obvious thing would be to go to the police- but she didn't trust them. Not one bit. The last time she tried to go to them about a crime, they ignored her. Worse, they let it continue. At the time, she had to take care of it herself. And she nearly died. 

Cisila felt her phone vibrate in her pocket- someone was calling her. Skidding to a stop, she pulled her phone out and glanced at who was calling her. The screen simply read "Dani". Pulling her mask off, she answered the call. The first thing she heard when she raised the phone to her ear was "V, what the *hell* did you do?!" Dani sounded exasperated. "I-" Cisila tried to begin. Dani steamrolled right over her, "No, no, no. One of my scouts saw you murder a bunch of Serpents right in front of their own damn boss' CORPSE!" Cisila let out a low sigh. "Look-" She attempted to say. Over the phone, she couldn't see Dani's face. But she knew the look they'd give her. "NO." Dani said. "You're going to cause some serious chaos if you don't fix what you just did!" Cisila felt herself flinch and turned on her heel. If Dani was going to keep talking... "Look, I get that you don't like any of the gangs, but-" Cisila finally burst. "I DIDN'T DO A DAMN THING, DANI!" She flung her free arm out in anger. "I FOUND the Cobra right there, like that! Who the hell do you think I am?" She inhaled sharply. "I don't tear people apart, no matter how horrible they are! Are you trying to call me INSANE? And those other thugs-" She let her arm drop and clenched her fist. "They came for me first. It was fair game."

Cisila was met with momentary silence. She heard Dani sigh, and then, "Alright." They started. "You're saying someone else killed the Cobra? How do I know you aren't lying? You were *right* there." Cisila felt a lump in her throat forming. "I didn't-" She sighed. She was beginning to feel sick. "...you know that I..." She paused. She was struggling to put words together. "You know that I wouldn't-" She shook her head, "I wouldn't...try to start a gang war. You *know* I'm not like that!" She was beginning to feel her voice break. *This* was why she could never work with anyone. 

This feeling of anxiety- of sickness, came from having to explain stressful situations- to interact with other people, to make them believe you. "I guess you're right..." Dani said. Cisila kicked an A/C unit, and it let out a *clang*. "I've got to find who did it..." She mumbled. "Before they do it again. I can't-" She inhaled. "I can't let them do this again."

Dani took a moment to respond.

"V...can you describe what the corpse looked like? One of my other scouts has been looking into a widely unknown killing, and it could be connected."

Cisila stopped. How could she have missed a whole killing? Was she paying too much attention to PALMER-EDEN? It happened, of course, seeing that PALMER-EDEN was her only concern. She'd been looped into the underworld of the city by virtue of Dani and couldn't get out of it without abandoning their help. "Well," She started. "What do I have to do?"

Dani sighed. "Well...about that." Cisila groaned. That couldn't mean anything good. "The only *real* info on the killings is stuck in the police department's HQ. And you'll have to sneak in to get it."

That was the *worst* thing she could possibly have to do. But without that information, she wouldn't be able to find the killer, and perhaps stop the gang war before it even began. The gangs were at least a little civil, having meetings...but without one of the three leaders, she thought she'd only have a couple of days before something happened.

"I'll do it." She said.

# 7
# BREAK IN, BREAK OUT
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 4:01PM, CST
### OCTOBER 1ST, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/2PZ7g0ZkC9yKL9PvLdTS72?si=6158cef1b29d4863
##### Renewed Unrest - SEGA SOUND TEAM - Yakuza Kiwami

Cisila went through her day like normal. Onto the subway, into the bookstore. And just now, she'd gotten out. Cautiously looking around her, she set off in a different direction. She'd be walking away from the subway station, and heading towards the police department's headquarters. Accidentally bumping into a few people on the way, she turned the corner and spotted it at the end of the street. Cisila didn't like how close it was to the library. She carefully watched the people walking around her as she kept getting closer to the headquarters. And, taking her chance, she ducked into an alleyway. Nobody ever paid attention to anyone, and that always made Cisila's day easier- even when she wasn't trying anything. Being ignored and acting like a part of the wall was probably what got her through most of her life. A lot of the sound from the city died out as she walked deeper into the alleyway. The area was dirty, of course. But lit by the sun above, she could easily spot a way up through a couple buildings' fire escapes. Looking back at the bustling street behind her, she dove her hand into her satchel and pulled out her mask.

Today, she'd thought about her outfit. She'd put on her most bland clothes- a grey sweater, black sweatpants and a different pair of shoes that were an off-white from heavy use. Her purple shirt was peeking out of the sweater, but as she zipped it up, the color disappeared. Frowning down at the mask in her hand, she turned it over to put it on her face. The shoddy mask she'd made in Montana had this creepy aura around it that she could never get rid of. Its mechanical irises would pierce you, as if it was looking straight into your soul. The metal it was made of was rough, welded together- but it felt sturdy. She'd added to it after she got back to Chicago, but some things...she didn't remember adding on. Raising it up to her face, she slowly slid it on. Something inside the mask clicked, and suddenly- it felt like thousands of pincers pierced her face as the mask fastened itself to her face. She flinched in pain and grabbed it- the feeling of pincers disappeared and she pulled the mask off.

Somehow, it *knew* she wanted to take it off. But what was the point of these pincer things in the first place, she wondered. She ran her finger along the edge of the mask, and could feel small, sharp pincers running along the edge. They were about the size of a needle, but shaped to grab onto something. There were thousands of them. Cisila didn't remember adding this, and ran her hand across her face, trying to feel where the pincers stabbed her. She couldn't feel any punctures, her skin hadn't been depressed, there was nothing. It had hurt, but there were no injuries. She held the mask up to her face, staring into its eyes. It stared back. *Am I the one doing this?* She pondered. *It doesn't matter.*  Flipping the mask around and fastening it to her face again (the pincers *clicked* again and stabbed her) she pulled her sweater's hood over her head. If there was one thing that made her recognizable, it was her face. But her hair was far too strange to ignore, either. Once her hood was up, she felt her EXO form around her legs, giving them a sturdier build for a moment. She took a running start and leaped into the air, and it felt as though her feet had turned into springs with the help of the EXO. Grabbing onto the fire escape, she scrambled up it, past apartment windows where she could see bedrooms, offices, and all sorts of things. Nobody was home, though. She flipped up onto the roof and felt the rest of the EXO sprawl across her body as it prepared to help her parkour. 

She sprinted across the building, and leaped over to the next. Ducking and weaving around whatever garbage was on the roofs, she made her way to the headquarters. She sprang into the air again and landed in a roll on the roof of the headquarters. Immediately, she snuck towards the door to the inside of the building. Quietly opening it, she peeked in. Nobody was around- the stairwell was empty, and bland. She slid inside and shut the door behind her. Cautiously taking a few steps, she strained her ears to listen to any voices. She couldn't hear any, so she sped up. 

Cisila realized her first mistake- she hadn't looked at the building plans. She'd guessed the information would've been held on one of the higher levels, which is why she entered here. Descending down the stairwell, she spotted a door with fogged glass with "FORENSICS" written on the window. That would be where they looked at the details surrounding a crime. It was possible this was where the evidence was. She grabbed the door handle and tried to turn it. It didn't budge. She tried harder, thinking it was just stuck- unfortunately, Cisila realized it was locked. Dejected, she tried to look through the fogged glass. She *could* kick down the door, but...there were people inside. Investigators. She didn't want to make herself known. Turning around, she looked at where she found herself. The only other door on the landing was clearly just a janitor's closet. She cocked her head up, and spotted a vent.

It was too small. She couldn't use it. Groaning, she turned back towards the door. Its dark oak build seemed to taunt her. Either, she had to turn away and risk looking elsewhere- or break the door down, and let herself get seen. The police, given the chance, would probably kill her and get away with it. But if she didn't at least take a chance with *this* room, she's probably get caught on one of the lower floors. So she rolled her shoulders back a couple of times and cracked her neck. She knew ramming the door would hurt. She pushed her feet against the ground and hurled herself forward straight into the door. Using one of her shoulders to break down the door, she felt the EXO focus itself around her arm to give her more strength. Ramming straight through the door, she felt it blow apart and she tumbled to her feet. Jumping back up, she was met with several people in police uniforms scrambling. One of them tried to run for the door. *I can't kill them,* her mind flashed. Instead of summoning her blade, she raised her hands and lunged towards the one trying to run for the door. Colliding with them, she threw them to the ground and heard their head slam against the floor. Stepping over them, she exhaled. The rest of the people in the room pulled out weapons- police batons. She'd already had experience with those things, but that didn't mean they were dangerous. She broke into a sprint straight towards a woman who was wielding a police baton. Without any words, she suddenly flung her left arm out. The EXO had sprawled across her arm and she clenched her fist, and kicked her foot out to go straight into a slide. A grappling hook attached to a thick wire shot out from a device that the EXO had constructed around her wrist. It grabbed onto the officer and Cisila flung her arm out- the wire followed, and sent the officer careening towards the wall. While she was doing this, one of the other officers in the room charged forward. The grappling hook was still attached to the woman, and Cisila tried to catch the officer's baton, but was instead met with a blow to the face. Constructing her knife, she cut the wire to the grappling hook and fell to the ground. In a moment of panic, she threw the knife towards the final officer in the room and kicked the one who'd attacked her away. Her EXO had elevated her leg's strength so much that when the officer slammed into the wall, she could hear bones crack. Getting up, she realized she'd thrown her knife at the last one. Knocking him out with a swift kick to the head, she pulled her knife out and dropped it next to him. She put pressure on his wound and in her hand, she slowly constructed bandages. She carefully covered the wound with her bandages.

The last thing she needed was a dead cop. Getting up, she scanned the room. The officer she'd hit with the grappling hook had collaped over a desk where enormous amounts of evidence was strewn about. Some had fallen on the floor. The whole room was filled to the brim with lockers (presumably full of evidence) and desks. There were laptops, PCs, and even large whiteboards on the walls. She went up to the lockers and tried to open them. Of course, they were locked. She bashed open one of the lockers and sifted through it- nothing. She broke open another one, and then another. Before long, she had broken open all of them. When she opened the last one, she finally found something. Shoved into the locker haphazardly, was a folder. It looked like someone had rushed to hide it...

Pulling out it, she looked up at the entrance to the room. Someone had to have heard the commotion- so she took one last look at the room and lunged towards the exit. Getting out, she ran back up the stairs. But as soon as she took her first step up the stairwell- she heard yelling. She froze, and suddenly felt a pitfall in her stomach. Officers were running up the stairwell to the forensics room- they'd see her if she didn't start moving *now.* But she couldn't make herself move. A pack of them suddenly rounded the corner and spotted her. It was like everything was moving in slow motion- she felt herself spring back into action, flinging herself up the stairs haphazardly- she could see, every time she glanced behind her, she could see the police pulling out different weapons. And then, Cisila spotted guns. She ducked her head and forced herself up the stairs faster. Whirling around to the next set of steps, she continued to climb. She could hear the footsteps behind her- they hadn't fired yet, but if she took too long they would definitely open fire. She felt her muscles scream at her in pain as she rocketed up the stairs towards the roof.

She burst through the door onto the roof and stumbled. She was breathing in and out rapidly, and she could feel her heart beating fast. She surged forward and ran straight towards the edge of the roof. She felt her clothes sticking to her with sweat as her foot hit the edge. She willed the EXO to help her jump, and her sprawled out around her legs. Leaping across the gap between the street and the buildings, she felt her arms fling out.  She crashed and rolled along the roof of the building opposite to the police station. She whipped herself up and looked back. The police had given up on chasing her, but instead- she gasped- had decided to open fire. They had pistols and assault rifles in hand and were about to shoot her. She forced herself into a sprint again and leaped over an A/C unit, under a set of pipes, and vaulted along the fire escape and onto another building. If they were going to follow her, they'd better have exercised. *Maybe I need more exercise,*  She thought, clutching the stitch in her side. Cisila couldn't stop, of course, but it hurt. Ducking and weaving along rooftops, she got as far as she could. Behind her, she could hear the sirens of police cars. She groaned to herself, and decided it was better to disappear. She climbed down a fire escape and forced a window open. *In we go.*  Climbing in, she pulled her mask off, unzipped her sweater, and shut the window behind her. Stuffing the mask into her satchel, she pulled her hood down. She began to walk through the building she'd entered. It seemed like another apartment complex...probably above some shops. She found the stairs, and headed down. *Ugh,* She thought, wiping her forehead. *Sweating like hell again.* Once down the stairs, she found herself in some kind of small lobby. 

Something caught her eye. Her vision flicked towards the door.

The police were coming in. Had they found her?

# 8
# HIT ME AS HARD AS YOU CAN
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 4:31PM, CST
### OCTOBER 1ST, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

A couple thin police officers strolled into the lobby. She quickly averted her eyes. *Stay calm.*  She thought. *They won't see you if you don't see them.* She started to walk towards the exit, slowly. In her peripheral vision, she saw the officers approach the front desk. "Sorry t'bother ya," One of the officers says to the person at the desk. They look up, unconcerned. "But I thought we'd warn the nearby area, uh...some criminal's runnin' around. Got to some of our officers. Really dangerous."

Oh jeez, that was her. She shoved her hand into her bag and fumbled around to find her phone, before pulling it out. She turned it on and immediately called Dani. They didn't answer for a few seconds, before, "Cisila? What's happening?" Cisila sighed. She spoke quietly, "Dani, I couldn't get the files without a fight. They're looking for me right now- I don't-" She swallowed nervously. "I don't know what to do. I *hate* situations like these." Over the phone, she could hear Dani moving. "Where are you?" They said. She looked around frantically, "Some...kinda apartment lobby. I don't know." Dani groaned. "Alright," They started. "There's a casino near the North Mile, can you get there?" She raised an eyebrow to herself, "A casino?" She pointed out. "Why a-" Dani cut her off. "Just get there. The cops don't bother going there- so if they chase you there, they'll bug off." She looked back around at the officers. Then to her surroundings. Strangely, she couldn't see any security cameras. "Fine. But if I get caught, this..." she sighed. "...this is your fault. See you later." She hung up, dropped her phone back into her bag, and in one swoop, pulled her mask back out and slid it on. She pulled her hood up and sprang straight into a sprint, right out of the door. She forced herself through a crowd of people and leaped up onto the roof of a parked car. She flung her left arm out and flenched her fist. The grappling hook on her arm fired and latched onto the fire escape of a building across the street. It reeled itself in with incredible strength, tugging Cisila into the air. 

It flung her onto the rooftop of a small shopping complex- and she burst into a run as she landed, and the grapple retracted back into its casing. She jumped up onto a railing, leaped over a gap, then continued to duck and weave around the messy rooftops, towards the casino Dani was pointing her to. She dove down into an alleyway she knew led straight to the area. Landing with a soft thud, she looked around quickly to make sure nobody had seen her and ran off, towards the casino. She could feel herself stumble ever so often. Once out on the street, she jumped onto the roof of another car- and then another. She was using the cars like stepping stones to get across the street. Nothing on this street stood out to her, not at this time. The brick buildings and signs were all meaningless to her when she knew she had one objective, and one objective alone. She scrambled up the side of a building using its fire escape, and across the next street...she saw it. It was a large establishment. Not quite a skyscraper, but menacingly tall. Neon signs littered the large entrance, and sprawled along the sides of the building. It was a unique shape- a giant U. How it got here, she had never wondered. The city didn't like gambling. Frankly, neither did she.

She leapt off the building she was on and rushed across the roofs of cars once more, and finally, she was at the entrance. It was like a large oasis, outside the building. Palm trees littered the sidewalks up to the front doors, and there was a large fountain constantly spitting water. Cisila made sure nobody was watching her, and she slid the mask off. Putting it away, she walked towards the front doors and pulled her phone out. She pulled up Dani on her contacts and called them. She ground her teeth against each other as Dani answered. "I'm here-" She said. "Where are you?" There was no response. "Dani-" She spoke firmly. But someone else cut her off. "I hate to break it to you," A silky voice spoke through the phone. It wasn't Dani. "But I've got your friend right here." Cisila felt taken aback, and felt herself flinch. "What?" She spat. "Who the hell do you think you are?"

The voice on the phone scoffed, "I'm the replacement for the Cobra. Don't think I'm going to take your murder of him lightly." Cisila's eyes opened wider. Her face fell. He couldn't just *do* that, could he? She gripped her phone, "I didn't do that." The Cobra snorted. "Then who murdered my boys who went looking for them? Oh, right, it was YOU." He was getting annoying. Cisila wouldn't be able to hold herself back if he *wouldn't shut up.* "The police are on their way to the casino right now, you know." He remarked, snidely. "They're coming for you." Cisila felt her eye flinch uncomfortably. She couldn't stop herself. She set her face firmly, and said, "I. Didn't. Do it." The new Cobra sighed. "You don't have any evidence. You can't possibly defend yourself, can you, Siveta?" Her heart dropped. How did he figure out who she was? Why? What was going on? "You-" She couldn't say anything else. The lump in her throat stopped her. She stared up at the casino. The Cobra continued, "You can come and kill me if you want, but it'll only make the trail warmer. The police'll catch someone like you, and not me. I'm an upstanding citizen." Cisila gritted her teeth, "No you're not, you kidnapping piece of shit." She spat. "I'm going to get you, and when I do, you're going to regret everything."

A momentary silence. The Cobra slowly spoke, "Right...interesting. I knew you'd come around eventually." He turned away from the phone, "Isn't that right, Dani?" He turned back to the phone. "He told me-" Cisila had had it. "They're not a *he*, you dim-witted dumbass!" She took a few strides forward, "What do you even want?" As she walked towards the front doors, she noticed...nobody was inside. "I want..." He began, "...to see how much you can take. I've heard a lot of stories, you know. About how completely brutal you can be. I've even seen some of your victims, you know." What the hell was he talking about? She only killed if she was in a bad situation (*Not those gang members...* Her mind echoed) and even then, she attempted to make it quick. She wasn't brutal, was she? "What-" She sputtered. "Ah ah," The Cobra said. "You don't get to back out. If you run, I'm going to kill your friend here." *Shit,* she thought. "Fine." She went to hang up, but before she could, the Cobra spoke once more. "I'm gonna throw all of my boys at you."

Cisila exhaled. Suddenly, she felt restless. The EXO was squirming inside her. It was *itching* to fight again. "Then I want you to hit me," She spat. "Hit me as *hard* as you can." She hung up, shoved her phone into her pocket, and looked up to the doors. She walked towards the doors and flexed her fingers. They would *not* kill Dani, not because of her. Not for any reason.

Just because they didn't get along all the time didn't mean Cisila wouldn't die for Dani. They were the only person that helped Cisila out of a dark place when she needed it most. They were the only person who actually *cared* about her, since her parents died and her sister disappeared. She knew Dani would rather be left there to die, than for Cisila to rescue her. But Cisila couldn't just leave her there, her only true friend, to die. She felt herself speed up as she approached the doors. From a walk, into a fast walk, into a jog...and then into a full-on sprint. Her EXO sprawled out around her chest, her arms, and her legs. It knew what was coming, and it was going to do its best to protect her. She didn't even bother putting on her mask- he knew who she was already. She burst through the doors and rushed through the giant, sprawling lobby. She rushed up the stairs and onto the main show floor. She looked around her. Gambling machines fanned out around the giant room, all around a centre stage. She wondered what it was for a second, before she noticed people standing on the stage.

She leaped up onto the stage and didn't even construct her sword, she just took a swing at the first Serpent she could get to. She clocked him in the head once, twice, and then three times in consecutive swift hits. As he fell to the ground, the other Serpents sprang into action. She ducked under one's hook at her, leaped over another and kicked one more in the face as she was in the air. She landed on the ground and pulled herself up, only to get hit in the back of the head. She felt her head spinning, and scrambled back up. In her hand, her blade folded out.
