# 1
# MIDNIGHT MANIAC
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:44AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/0gdeQ6Qalgdzg5lniSzTG0?si=c2df61e6fb554f7c
##### Mind As Universe - We Are Magonia - Ghostrunner 2 Soundtrack

The luminous city of Chicago stood tall, and proud in the middle of the night. Neon lights shone down on the rain filled streets as cars drove through the city, going who knows where. Most apartments at this time had all their lights out, but some night owls still had their lights on. The rain pitter-pattered against the windows of one particular apartment, as one suddenly slid open. Someone climbed out of the window and shut it behind themselves, sliding a mask over their face. It clicked, and seemed to fasten to their face as they climbed up onto the edge of the fire escape, watching the street below. They suddenly leaped off of the edge of the fire escape and dove towards the street below. Before they hit the street, they flung their arm into the air and some kind of strange device formed around their arm- a grapple gun strapped to their arm. It fired, and latched onto a building across the street, and yanked them back up, giving them momentum and allowing them to go into a full swing. They cut the rope as it hit the apex of its swing, flinging themselves into the air. They backflipped through the air before plummeting back towards the street once more, and, despite cutting the cable to the grapple gun, they shot out another and immediately dove into another swing, following the street. After hitting the apex of the swing once more, they cut the rope again. Landing on the rooftop of an apartment building, they went into a roll and burst onto their feet, sprinting across the rooftop. They slid under and leaped over any obstacles in their path, determined to get wherever they were going.

And this mysterious person was just a girl. A girl named Cisila. Sliding to a stop at the edge of a rooftop, she kneeled down. *This is it.* She thought. Cisila carefully watched the bustling street below through her mask, waiting for a specific vehicle to pass by. She was watching for a large semi truck, hauling a large container. As she watched, the grapple gun on her arm seemed to grow, metal roots sprawling up her arm and across her body. Quickly, a whole exoskeleton had formed around her body, looking as though it was fused with her. Large parts forming joints connected with her actual, human joints. Wires spun around her arms and pieces of metal were wedged into her skin, stabbing through her thin jacket. It looked like it would be uncomfortable, but for Cisila, she couldn't feel anything. Under her strange, metal mask that looked as though it was welded together shoddily, her wine colored eyes flicked down to the furthest part of the street, and Cisila finally saw it. The semi truck. She sprang up and shook herself, trying to get any stress out. *Enough. Stop thinking about it- you'll be fine.* She sucked in some air, and then exhaled deeply. Her heart began to pound as the truck drew closer and closer; she could hear the rumbling engine. And as soon as it got close enough, her mind shut off. Her instincts took over- this was no time to worry. She leaped off the edge of the roofstop and plummeted towards the truck. The rain poured down on her hard as she hit the top of the container, denting it slightly. Pulling herself up, Cisila suddenly had a blade in her hand. It seemed to have come out of nowhere- folding together like a complex mechanical puzzle. It clicked, melding together, and she stabbed it into the roof of the container. Putting *all* of her strength into it, she tried to puncture the metal with the blade. Her muscles screamed in protest as she forced the blade down. All she needed was a sliver. *Anything.* 

Suddenly, the blade punctured through the metal with a strange metallic *pop,* and she yanked the blade out. It disappeared, seeming to fold away into her hand as she looked down at the tiny sliver. Cisila shook her head, and dejectedly slammed her fist against the puncture to make it open wider. Then again. *Slam.* The metal thunked with each hit, as the puncture widened. She stared down at the wider gap, and thought that it was good enough. She shoved a hand into one of her jackets' pockets, and pulled out an IED (improvised explosive device), and just as she was about to shove it through the gap, a thought crossed her mind. *Is this really a good idea?* It was the only tangible thought she'd had since landing on the truck, but it caused her to freeze. Everything seemed to slow down to an extreme, as she stared at the gap, and the IED in her hand. *This could go completely wrong.* But then, she knew the thing wouldn't explode until the semi reached its destination. PALMER-EDEN tower, right in the middle of the city. *Just put it in, and leave. Then you can-* Her train of thought quickly got cut off as the extremely foreboding *bang* of a pistol firing filled her ears, and a thin pistol bullet whizzed by her head. She gasped, swore, and rolled across the roof of the container. Cisila shoved the IED back into her jacket and sprang up, trying to see where the bullet came from- and immediately, another one flew by her. A sedan just next to the truck was the culprit- and it wasn't the only one. She'd completely forgotten that the truck had security. Quickly, her blade folded out in her hand again. And in the other, a small throwing knife. She dashed up to the end of the semi truck's container, and pitched the throwing knife straight at the man hanging out of the side of the sedan with a gun. The knife hit him square in the chest, and Cisila barely heard the dim yell of the man, over the engines. Suddenly, the truck sped up immensely. Stumbling, she realized- she'd been spotted. She ducked down and slid back down to the gap, pulling out the IED once more. Cisila didn't have time to think; she just shoved the IED through the gap, and heard it *thunk* against the floor of the container. Pulling herself back up, she was met with PALMER-EDEN security leaping off of apartment buildings and landing on the container. She'd done what she intended to, and now needed to leave. But the security detachment was in her way. She wasn't even sure how they'd known- but it wasn't going to stop her. 

Cisila rolled her shoulders back and twirled her blade. She didn't have to kill them...all she'd have to do was knock them off the container. She rushed forward, pushing against the wind and the rain, and raised her blade into the air. But Cisila had failed to realize something...something quite crucial, actually. And it was too late to defend herself. One of the men pulled out a pistol and shot her through the leg, and she stumbled- her blade fell out of her hands. *Shit-* Cisila didn't even have any time to react before another of the security detachment shot her aswell, and the bullet grazed her shoulder. Her exoskeleton couldn't do anything to defend her. Blinking, she felt the ringing of her ears as the pain registered. And then, out of nowhere, another man from the detachment rushed forward and tried to punch her off the container. *This* she could deal with. Grabbing hold of his arm, she snapped it in the wrong direction and slammed her fist through his gut, sending him back. But she couldn't do much more than that, because one final shot went through her own stomach. And that, she took as a sign to leave. She flung her left arm up, where her grapple gun was, and it fired, latching onto a tree of all things. She leaped off the truck and let the cable reel her in. She thunked against the tree her grapple had latched onto. Now, Cisila was dangling near the top of a tree. She loosened the cable and lowered herself to the roots of the tree, and the cable reeled itself back into the grapple. Looking around, she realized she'd found herself in the middle of a small park. *Fuck.* She thought, leaning back against the tree. She didn't have any help. Slowly, she pulled her mask off. It clicked and unfastened from her face, and she gently put it back into her jacket. What was revealed was her thin face- not quite gaunt, but she didn't look great. Freckles sprawled across her upper face, primarily down her nose and under her eyes. A pair of scars ran up the left side of her jaw, looking like sharp teeth. Her hair, a dark, dark brown, was a strange style, more messy than anything. She had some of it tied into a ponytail, but the rest of it fell down her shoulders and around her neck. A large swathe of hair covered her right face. *Two options.* She thought to herself. *Sit here...and bleed- or risk a hospital.* Now, it wasn't exactly appealing to her to bleed out in the middle of a park, so she pulled herself up. Putting a hand on her stomach, she felt blood. A *lot* of blood, and when she looked down at her leg, it was the same story. Her jackets' shoulder had gotten ripped from the bullet, and the skin underneath stung. If just three bullets was enough to make her run, she'd never have a chance against anything. 

Limping across the park, she felt dejected. Cisila had won, technically, but it didn't feel like it. Whenever this happened, it *never* felt like it. And just as she began to think to herself properly again, her leg gave out. She hit the pavement. She grunted, trying to pull herself up. But her leg wouldn't let her stand; she didn't have enough strength in her arms, either. Relenting, she let herself lie against the cold, wet pavement. Blood trailed down the side of her head, and Cisila realized she'd hit her head on the pavement. Her vision had gone slightly blurry as the ringing in her ears grew louder. She rolled over onto her back and stared up at the cloud filled sky. Rain pitter-pattered down onto her face, but she didn't bother to wipe it off. Cisila simply lay there, bleeding out slowly. Her blood mixed with the puddle she'd landed in, dying it a deep red. And just as soon as she'd decided to give up, someone appeared in her vision, standing over her. Someone familiar. Cisila sighed, as they spoke. "Not looking so good." And they knelt down next to her, pinching her cheek. "You still alive?" They said, smiling. She nodded, and mumbled, "Barely.", as the person looked over Cisila's injuries. It was her colleague (she didn't like to call her 'friend'), Dani. They were one of two who knew what Cisila did at night, as the vigilante, V. Dani had even given her that name. "How'd..." Cisila started to say, struggling to get any words out. "...How'd you find...me?" She asked, mumbling. "Oh, don't give me that." Dani said. "We've got eyes on you whenever you pull this kind of thing. Zephyr was watching you tonight. Came to me as soon as he could..." They explained, pulling out a tourniquet. Dani was talking about their organization- their- their *whatever it was,* Cisila remembered. Dani patched up Cisila over the next few minutes of silence, before they broke it. "Can you walk?" Cisila shook her head dejectedly. Now with a little more consciousness and without immense blood loss, she waas able to speak clearly: "Feels like it got lodged in a particular muscle." Dani rolled their eyes, "Great. Okay. I can fix that, it'll just take an hour or so. Hate doing it..." Doing what? Cisila looked at Dani, slightly alarmed. "Are you qualified to-" She tried to say, but Dani shushed her. "It's not anything a medical professional could ever do. Come on, you'll be fine." Dani pulled Cisila up and helped her get out of the park.

They were going to the Lighthouse. Cisila knew that.

The only place, aside from her apartment, where she felt safe.

-

# 2
# BEACON OF ILLINOIS
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 1:51AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila gently sipped her tea. Her shoulder, leg, and stomach had been patched up. The bullets lodged in there had been removed. She wasn't sure how, as Dani had put her out cold before they bothered. Cisila wasn't going to bother thinking about what Dani did- all she was concerned with was her leg. It wouldn't let her get up, still, so she was stuck sitting in the Lighthouse. She put the teacup back down on its plate and leaned back in the old armchair she was sitting in, and her eyes scanned the circular interior of the first floor of the lighthouse. It was rather dim, and cluttered. Old furniture took up every corner, stacked up and useless. But a few pieces of furniture still sat freely, such as Cisila's chair and the table next to her. A small workbench was propped up against a wall, tools and parts strewn about its countertop. A dim kitchen inset on the other side of the floor sat quietly, its sink filled with still unwashed dishes. A few steps away from it, the spiral staircase that went up to the top of the lighthouse stood in the shadows. Cisila had only been up there a few times, and it was usually during the day. *Maybe I could head up there if I get up...* She thought, and she tried to move her leg a bit. Suddenly, she felt the life in it return. She pushed her foot down and bounced her leg, beginning to feel the pins and needles as if she'd been sitting on her leg for an hour. As she tried to get her leg to feel normal again, her phone buzzed. Pulling it out, Cisila saw that she had gotten a message- from Mikhail. Her ex. "Huh...?" She mumbled to herself. Why was Mikhail messaging her? They didn't really talk to each other anymore, but it wasn't because of anything bad. Cisila had just realized that they didn't work. Something felt off to her. But that was neither here nor there, so she opened up the message and read it. *"Sorry for random message at this time. How are you?"* Mikhail had typed. Her eyes scanned the message, *Little weird...* but she thought no more of it, and responded. *"Doing good. Little tired from tonight, but it's nothing to worry about."* Before she tapped the send button, she added on, *"Why the sudden message?"* to the end of her own. Pushing send, she put her phone down again and looked down at her leg. The feeling of pins and needles were slowly fading away, and she could feel her leg again. Cisila rubbed her eyes and slowly got up, shoving her phone into her cargo pants' pocket. 

She walked slowly over to the stairs and put her foot onto the first step. Climbing up the stairs slowly, the metal steps creaked underneath her. One step after the other, she went higher and higher, around and around, before getting to the top. The giant light and its controls stood dormant in the lantern room, but she just ignored them. Turning the handle on the door to the gallery deck, she stepped outside. The cold air of the night hit her immediately, and Cisila noticed that it had stopped raining. In fact, pretty quickly, the clouds had cleared. The moon was reflecting light brightly. The lighthouse was situated a fair bit away from Chicago, and from here, Cisila could see Lake Michigan in all its glory, and, if she took a few steps to the left, she could see Chicago. Quietly staring at the Lake, she sighed. Dejectedly, she pulled out her phone again. It was almost two in the morning- she'd either have to leave soon, or forget going to work tomorrow. *And not going to work tomorrow means...* Cisila's brain started to say to her, but she shut the thought down. A small piece of anxiety bubbled in her stomach as her brain forcefully reminded her. And then when she realized she'd have to get up in the morning...Cisila felt extremely tired, out of nowhere. *Two in the morning.* She reminded herself. Dejectedly, she pulled a lighter out of her back pocket and followed up by pulling a small pack of cigarettes out of one her cargo pants' lower pockets. Opening it, she saw there was only one cig left. She stared at it, and her brain quickly flew through whether or not she should take it. *Take it. Don't take it. Take it. Don't take it.* It was like fighting a losing battle uphill. Relenting, she raised the pack to her mouth and bit down lightly on the end of the last cigarette, before withdrawing the pack. Cisila raised the lighter to the tip of the cig, and flicked the spark wheel. *Flick.* One firm spark caused a flame to burst out, and she lit the cigarette, hiding the flame with her free hand. As she quietly stood there smoking, her phone buzzed again. Pulling it out, she saw that Mikhail had replied. She blinked slightly at how bright her phone was (*Should turn that down...*), before reading Mikhail's new message. *"Don't mean to scare you, but it doesn't look like you're home. You OK?"* Cisila's brow furrowed as she read this. *What the hell?* She drew her phone closer to her face, *I'm not hallucinating, right?* Scanning the message again, she used her free hand to pull the cig out of her mouth again, letting out a cloud of smoke. Quickly, she texted Mikhail back. *"Are you AT my apartment? Why are you there?"* And she tapped send. Almost immediately, Mikhail started to type- as indicated by the three bubbles. *"Yeah. I wanted to check up on you. Sorry."* 

Silently, she texted back. *"It's fine. I'm out right now. Check on me tmrw. Will be rlly tired, tho."* Mikhail indicated that he'd seen the message with a thumbs up, and Cisila assumed that was that. Putting her phone away, she continued to smoke while staring out at Lake Michigan. It didn't feel like she had the willpower to go to work at the bookstore anymore. She was just some employee there, nothing special, but ever since her mom died- she'd been terrified to do any kind of job. *The sound of that gun still rings in my ears.* Cisila thought. *I still remember the feeling of her blood. All over me.* As she stared out over the calm waters, the images of her mother's death flashed through her head. *Three men. All in suits.* That was the only lead she'd had, and it was why she had wound up in Chicago. Not because her mother lived there, but because those three men...she remembered their faces clearly. Except for the one in the back- the one that didn't shoot. But the other two, they had remained clear in her head. They were the commanders of two syndicates in Chicago. Large organized crime operations. And then, she'd found that they were working with the company her mother had worked for. PALMER-EDEN. The same one that, an hour ago, she'd tried to sabotage. Ever since she got to Chicago, she'd been trying to find out what PALMER-EDEN had done to not just her mother, but herself. A month before her mother died, she'd told Cisila that her workplace had chosen her daughter for some kind of experiment- and there was no way Cisila was going to get out of it. She remembered her mother's face clearly. She was horrified. And what they'd done to Cisila...she lifted her free hand up to the right side of her face, which was covered by a large swathe of hair. She'd grown it out ever since the experiment, combing it so it would always cover her right eye. PALMER-EDEN had done something to her. Given her something she didn't even know existed. *Superhuman abilities.* Cisila flicked the hair out of her eye for a moment, revealing that her right eye looked...strange. Wires stuck out around her eye, as if she were some kind of cyborg. The eye itself remained mostly normal, aside from the iris being a darker shade of wine compared to her left eye, aswell as her pupil being a different, unnatural shape. But it was enough that people noticed. Whenever she'd head into town, she'd get weird looks unless she wore sunglasses. So, Cisila decided to grow it out. And now she looked like this. And now, in Chicago, she had one goal. Avenge her mother, or die in the process. It was all PALMER-EDEN's fault.

After a few more minutes of silence, she snuffed out the cigarette on an empty ashtray sitting against a window sill. She inhaled slowly, and exhaled. Shutting her eyes, Cisila decided she was going to go to work. *No reason not to. Nothing to be scared about. Why even get scared about work when you do much riskier things?* That was always what she told herself, but no matter what, it didn't seem to work. But it didn't matter. As she made her way back down the lighthouse, she continued trying to shut her brain off. Stepping out of the lighthouse and locking it behind her with Dani's spare key, she walked her way down the dirth path to a small garage. The land around her was completely dark, and the only lights were along the asphalt street a few hundred metres down the dirt road. Heading up to the dirt garage, she pulled the garage door open and stepped in, turning on the lights. Inside the garage, Cisila's motorcycle sat silently. *Knew they'd bring it here.* Whenever Cisila got badly injured enough to get taken to the Lighthouse (it happened frequently), Dani would pick up Cisila's motorcycle and leave it in the garage. Lying on the seat was Cisila's satchel, and her helmet. She strode over to it and pulled the helmet on slowly, and pulled her satchel over her shoulder. *They're smart enough to bring my stuff, too. Thank God for Dani.* Cisila thought, as she swung a leg over her motorcycle. Climbing on, she turned the key to get the bike's engine going. It flared to life beneath her, and its singular light flooded the area in front of her. She drove her heel against the kickstand, and revved the motorcycle. *Alright. Time to get outta here.* And as she rolled the motorcycle out of the garage, feeling it rumble beneath her, all her worries faded away- if even just for a moment. Cisila sped up, and she drove along the dirt road, heading for the highway. Back home. For now.

# 3
# DAY IN, DAY OUT
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 7:30AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila woke up lying face-down on her bed. It didn't feel like she got any sleep. Then again, she never did. Slowly, Cisila pulled herself up and shook her head. Her phone, on her bedside table, was beeping. Her alarm for the day. Groggily, she slid over to it and turned it off. And before long, she'd gotten dressed, combed her hair, and brushed her teeth. Standard protocol. Stepping out of the bathroom, she looked around her apartment. It was small (of course it was), and cluttered. Laundry she'd been meaning to do was sitting next to the couch, that which was pushed against the wall. The solitary window (the same that Cisila would use to leave out at night) let the early morning sun in, brightly. No lights were on, inside the apartment- but near the window, a small table sat. An antique lamp sat on it, surrounded by picture frames. And inside the frames, various old photos of Cisila and her family could be seen. They were worn. But the smiling faces of her father and mother, and even a younger Cisila, always shone through. Unwashed dishes sat in the kitchen sink, even though Cisila had told herself to do them. Now was obviously not the time either. As Cisila carefully stepped towards the door, she checked herself. She had everything she needed, and her outfit seemed fine. Her usual purple t-shirt and light grey cargo pants, along with a strange navy blue leather wrap around her right hand. She also had a smartwatch around her left wrist. She pulled her satchel off of her coat rack, and over her shoulder. She pulled on her shoes. Rubbing her eyes, Cisila pulled out her favourite earbuds and put them in. *Off we go.* And she stepped out into the hallway. The complex's hallways all looked the same. Beige. Lots of beige. Cisila stood out like a thorn in the blank, beige hallway. She looked down the hallway, and headed towards the stairwell. Swiftly walking down the stairs, she walked out into the lobby, and towards the exit. Pushing the two doors open, she stepped out onto the sidewalk. Unlike a few hours previously, the sky was clear and blue. It was September, almost October. Leaves were turning orange, yellow and red. 

Cisila pulled her phone out and turned on some music as she headed for the subway. She slid between groups of people on the street quietly, letting her music drown out all the voices around her. There was a surprising amount of people out, for how early it was. She watched the people walking past her, when she spotted someone strange looking ahead of her. *That's a strangely fancy suit...* She thought. The man she'd seen, just ahead of her, was wearing an extremely expensive looking red suit, in addition to polished black shoes. *What kind of guy wanders around in that?* She thought, thinking to speed up to get past him. As soon as Cisila tried this, however, someone grabbed her shoulder and pulled her back. *Huh?* She looked back, only to see the grizzled face of an older man. "Are you tryna get close to the boss?" He spat. Cisila's brow furrowed, and she replied, "Wha-" but she wasn't able to finish her sentence, as the man shoved her into an alleyway. *Oh, fuck.* She realized, and shook her head. *Did I just accidentally mess with some syndicate members?* And her thought was confirmed as soon as the man walked into the alleyway, making Cisila back up. He was followed by two more grunts, "The boss don't like gettin' followed." The man grumbled. If Cisila knew her stuff, there was no reason to argue. There was only one thing she could do. "And frankly," The man continued, "Been waitin' to get my hands on someone to get my stress out." Her lip twitched. *Gross.* Cisila thought. "Right. Okay." She said. "And how am I supposed to do that?" The man tilted his head, "Well...usually, I don't like hittin' women," Cisila frowned, "but you've got a punchable face." And as soon as he finished his sentence, he shook his wrists out before clenching his fingers into fists. Cisila shook her head, and raised her fists aswell. "I'm not a punching bag." She said. The other two members scoffed, and stepped forward. Cisila noticed one of them was female. They pulled out blunt weapons. *I can't kill them.* She remembered. *I can't use my EXO. It's just me, and my fists.* And then she remembered she was supposed to be going to work, and pursed her lips. *It's fine. It's fine. I'm sure someone'll understand.* She thought. Cisila made sure her feet were planted to the ground, and stared right at the one who'd grabbed her. "Alright, enough fuckin' standing around!" The leader of the three yelled, and lunged towards Cisila.

<sup><sub>Note: Cue Soul of the Ogre (or Un altro appassionato) from LIKE A DRAGON GAIDEN</sub></sup>

Swiftly, she ducked out of the way of the man's punch, and elbowed him in the face. He grunted, stumbling back. She'd hit him square in the nose. While he was disoriented for a few brief milliseconds, Cisila took her chance. She flung her left arm towards the man's face, hitting him square in the jaw with a left hook. Immediately, she followed up with a right hook followed by another left before leaping into the air and twisting herself around to roundhouse kick him in the face. The man collapsed, but managed to pull himself back up before Cisila could do something. "Goddamn...it." He spat, pulling out a pocket knife. Cisila flinched. Like a wild animal, the man leaped forward once again, swinging the knife wildly in Cisila's direction. She dodged this way and that, ducking underneath his swings or barely getting out of the way. The man continued to push forward, forcing Cisila further into the alleyway- and closer to its dead end. She continued to dodge around his knife swings, and tried to catch his arm. "Quick like a rat, aren't you-" He grunted, yanking his arm out of her grip and swiftly slashing at her face. Cisila couldn't get out of the way in time- the knife slashed down her forehead and cut through one of her eyebrows- leaving a surprisingly deep injury. She swore, and knocked the guy away. *That's it.* Feeling a sudden rush of adrenaline through all of her muscles, she changed tactics. She punched the man in the gut, once, followed by a series of blows to his chest. Pausing for a moment, she followed up with a heavy uppercut against his jaw. As her knuckles met the man's jaw, something broke. And whatever that was, it was enough to stop the man from getting up again. He hit the floor hard, and was out cold. However, she didn't have time to recover, as the two other gang members stepped forward, twirling their blunt weapons. Cisila had had enough. Walking forward, she yanked the lid off of a metal trash can and used it as a shield. The first of the two men tried desperately to get around Cisila's defense, but she refused to let go of the lid. He slammed his baton against the lid, creating a loud *thunking* sound. When he stopped for a moment, Cisila took her chance. She slammed the metal lid down onto the gang member's head, before gripping the edges of it and slamming it against his face a couple more times. Throwing it away, she grabbed onto the member before he had a chance to collapse, and thrusted him against the wall, and as he slid down it, she slammed her knee against the back of his head, pushing his face against the wall. 

Cisila turned her attention back towards the last one, when she noticed that she must have bolted. Collapsing next to the gang member she'd just taken out, she touched the injury above her eye. It had cut deep enough that it stung. Blood was dripping down her face. Quietly, she groaned to herself. *"Fuck."* Going to work like this was a bad idea, but she'd already told herself to go. Dejected, she pulled out some bandages from her satchel. There was always at least a couple bandages in there- she always needed them. Pulling out a towel, she carefully tried to clean the injury. Not being able to see it wasn't exactly a big help, but when she thought she'd cleaned it sufficiently, She plastered a bandage over it. Cisila pulled herself up and realized she probably looked even worse than she already did. As she walked out of the alleyway, she felt as though she didn't achieve anything. Random brawls *never* achieved anything. But there was something strange about that one- why had they stopped her from getting close to that man in the red suit? Then Cisila remembered that...everybody was giving the man a rather wide berth. It appeared that, out of everyone, only Cisila had no idea. As she fell into thought, she automatically followed her daily route. Before long, she was on the subway. As she stepped onto the subway car, she noticed how full it was. *What is happening today?* Cisila thought to herself, looking around at all the people. Most of them looked even more tired than she did- as if they'd woken up earlier than usual. Some looked as though they didn't even get *any* sleep. Looking up at the small LED screens lining the top of the subway car, she noticed why. The news. She squinted at it, trying to read the headlines on the tiny screen. The first headline she managed to read was *PALMER-EDEN transportation truck exploded in middle of freeway.* Cisila stared, despondent. Her eyes, wide, were locked onto the screen now. *What does that mean? That's- that's not what I meant to do.* The truck was supposed to head back to the depot, and the IED should've detected that, and detonated. It wasn't supposed to blow up on the motherfucking *freeway!* The footage the news provided was clearly from a helicopter, overlooking the scene. The time in the top left read *1:30AM*. It was showing the aftermath. A large chunk of the freeway had been blasted to bits. Cars and other trucks were flipped. Burning. The semi-truck that she'd planted the IED in was in pieces, having erupted into flames. The blast radius wasn't right. None of this was right. How had it detonated? Why? 

She lowered her eyes from the screen, when the news presenter seemed to say something. Cisila couldn't be bothered to take her earbuds out, but she heard one thing over her music. *"...Confirmed that, about an hour prior...mysterious assailant..."* Her lip twitched, and she immediately whipped her head back up to look at it. The footage had changed: the time in the top left corner now read *12:45AM*, and Cisila felt a sinking feeling in her stomach. Someone had recorded her. She watched the footage silently, seeing her own actions play back in her face. The recorder had only caught one thing- Cisila getting the IED in. But it felt bad nonetheless. Pulling out one of her earbuds, she carefully listened to the news presenter's report on this. "We reached out to PALMER-EDEN Pharmaceutical for comment, and their response was quite intriguing, and in fact, may shed some light on why this happened in the first place." Cisila sighed, *Of course. They have a way with words...* and then she listened to the presenter read out their response. "Early this morning, one of our trucks was attacked." *I didn't intend to get violent. My plan wasn't to blow it up in the middle of the freeway...* Cisila gripped the metal pole she was holding onto for support. "And we do not condone the actions of whoever has done this. The supplies in there were, most unfortunately, essential to our advanced vaccine development." *No they were not!* She ground her teeth against each other, staring at the screen still. "The criminal who did this likely sabotaged our vaccine development for one simple reason- they despise development." That wasn't it. They weren't even close. PALMER-EDEN had ripped her normal life away with their secret experiments and projects, and she was determined to not just stop it, but expose it. For her mother. And it felt like every step she took forward- PALMER-EDEN pushed her back several more. That truck was filled with experimental technology meant to make more people like her. At least, she was certain it was. She'd kept notes on every single piece of cargo leaving the Chicago tower- and that truck was on the very same schedule that contained the tech to create more superhumans. She was *sure* she'd gotten the right one. But that still didn't detract from the fact that the IED she'd made detonated on the freeway. That *wasn't* supposed to happen, and now, she felt guilty. 

Whatever the rest of PALMER-EDEN's response was, she didn't get to hear it. The subway slowed down and the doors opened at the next stop. Her stop. She let go of the pole and walked out of the subway car, and onto the underground platform. Cisila walked up the steps and back out into the clear day, and for a moment, she forgot about the news report. The bookstore she worked at was just down the street, and she could already see it. A small pang of stress violated her brain for a moment before she pushed it away and headed towards the bookstore. The outside was pleasant: a simple storefront with two large window panes with new books sitting on shelves, with signs showing their prices. Other books were on sale. As she approached the front doors, she pushed them open. They were old wooden doors, dyed a nice purple-red. Stepping in, the smell of books hit her. She inhaled through her nose, letting the paper smell fill her nostrils. *That's better.* Cisila walked over to the counter, behind it, and stepped into the back rooms. She changed into her work outfit: a simple long-sleeve shirt with a nametag clipped to the breast pocket of the shirt. The shirt itself was mainly a white color, with red accents. She fluffed out her hair, making sure it looked good *enough*, and sat down on the couch in the employee break room. Her satchel was next to her. Cisila stretched, feeling her spine crackle. *Eeesh.* She'd slept like a rock, but it didn't exactly feel great getting up. Her muscles still hurt, aswell as her back. As she stretched, someone walked into the employee room. And it caused Cisila to freak out- immediately. "Hey! You're here...jeez-" They said, sitting down next to her. *Lyla.* Her inner voice echoed. Cisila's lips were sealed shut. Lyla leaned over and looked at Cisila, "...You don't look so good. You, uh..." Lyla tried to find the words for a second, "...you get into a fight or something? That bandage isn't really helping." This snapped Cisila out of her stress trance, "What? It isn't?" She asked suddenly. "No, it...really needs some taking care of. Jeez." Lyla put a hand on Cisila's shoulder and got even closer. Cisila shivered. "Huh? Oh- sorry." Lyla let go. "I'm just trying to get a good look at it." Cisila nodded, and said, "I did...get into a fight. Didn't mean to." Lyla scoffed, and smiled. Cisila tried not to look.

"Well, I can help out with this, but...not right now. I don't think it's a good idea for you to work looking like this. You've still got some dried blood on your face." Cisila's eyebrows furrowed, and she looked worried. "Really? Ah, shit...I..." She leaned back, but Lyla reassured her, "It's fine. You don't look like you killed someone, at least." Cisila nodded, and responded, "That's good at least. If- if I can get cleaned up, I still want to work. I told myself I had to." and she slowly got up. Lyla got up aswell, "You sure? You look dead tired, Cisila." she pointed out. That was true, yes, but Cisila was determined to work. "I'm good. I'm fine." She waved Lyla away, "I'll...I'll go to the washroom and clean up." Lyla clicked her tongue. "If you say so. Come to talk to me later." And Cisila nodded, heading to the bathroom.

# 4
# ZERO HOUR
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 4:30PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

<sup><sub>Note: Cue in jeopardy from JUDGMENT/JUDGE EYES</sub></sup>

As Cisila stepped out of the bookstore, her shift being over, her phone rang. A call. She pulled her phone out of her pocket and looked at the caller. It was one of her few actual friends, Kasey. She answered the call and held her phone up to the side of her head, "Yo?" Cisila said. "I've got something to show you, Cisi." Kasey said, sounding rather tired. More tired than Cisila, maybe. "What's up?" She asked. Kasey took a good moment to respond, "Uh...well," Cisila could hear the sifting of papers, "I found something you might want to look into." Kasey finally said. Kasey was a detective, and, unlike most claiming to be a detective, actually had her own business. She didn't get many jobs under that business, but whatever she did get, it was enough to keep her afloat. "Alright. Should I head over?" Cisila asked, looking around the block. "Yeah, that'd be nice." Kasey responded. Cisila started heading down the sidewalk, heading for the building where Kasey lived- and also where her detective business was located. "Can you...maybe explain this a bit, though?" Cisila asked. "Kind of improptu." She added. "Yeah, sorry," Kasey said, "It's something that might concern you- and I'm kinda worried someone might end up pinning it on you-" She paused, "...that is to say, V, sorry." She added. Kasey was the only one who knew, other than Dani, what Cisila did at night. "Right." Cisila said. "Who's it concern?" Kasey sharply inhaled over the phone, "So, you know how you asked me to locate all three leaders of the syndicates in the city?" She explained. "I found them. And one of them definitely matches your description." Cisila felt her stomach rise. "Really?" She said. "Y- Yeah." Kasey mumbled, "Thing is...it seems like he was murdered. A couple hours ago." Cisila's face fell. She picked up her pace down the sidewalk, "Why?" she asked, trying to sort this out in her head. "Why do you think I'm telling you?! You're the only one who was looking for him. Someone must have caught onto that somehow." Kasey said. "That's a bit of a stretch." Cisila said through gritted teeth, "It could just be a coincidence. And if it is, *fuck."* she spat that last word out with a malicious tone. "Where's the body?" Kasey took a moment to respond. "Pretty close to your apartment. I was going to ask you to go take a look. I can send the address." She said. *Gah.* Cisila thought. *That man was my only lead on why my mother was killed- forget the other two, he shot first. And one of them didn't even shoot.* She believed that PALMER-EDEN had hired the syndicates to murder her mother in cold blood. The question was why. What had her mother done? Why bother with organized crime at all? "I'll go now." Cisila relented, slowing down. She turned a corner and headed for the subway. "This is bad." She mumbled. "No kidding..." Kasey said. "Keep me updated. Get pictures. Y'know the drill at this point, right?" Cisila sighed, "Yeah. No problem." She ducked down into the subway, hung up on Kasey, rushed down the steps and waited for a train to arrive.

Her mind was racing at the possibilities. Someone had murdered a rather important underworld figure. It was entirely possible this was just some kind of dispute. But it was also possible that it could've been because she was looking for him. *Either of these are possible. Or it could be something completely different.* She couldn't shake the feeling that it was because she was looking for the man- her memory of his face was as clear as day. Cisila knew she'd seen it again in Chicago. She could've gotten to him, and forced the information out of him. But if he was dead, her chance was gone. It would be back to square one unless she could figure out why he was murdered. And if it was connected to her, then it might have been PALMER-EDEN. She knew their track record, and she thought they were tying up loose ends. A clean murder staged to look like a gang shootout was her first thought as she boarded the train. It felt as though the ride took *ages,* but in reality, it was only a few minutes. Cisila stepped off the train and rushed back up the steps and out of the subway. *Almost there.* She thought, now almost sprinting down the sidewalk past her apartment. She whipped out her phone again and checked Kasey's message, making her way to the address. Cisila slid to a stop at the address, looking up at the building. It was another apartment complex. The interior lobby looked fine, but then her eyes flicked over to an alleyway between the apartments and another building. Cautiously, she took a step towards the alleyway, and peeked in. It was a surprisingly wide alleyway, filled with trash cans, dumpsters, and trash bags. Police tape had been put up at the entrance. But at the end...Cisila squinted. In the shadows, it looked as though there was a body slumped against the wall. And a *lot* of blood. Far too much. *...That doesn't look like it was a fight.* Had PALMER-EDEN given up on being sly? She stepped into the alleyway slowly, ducking under the police tape, and taking careful steps towards the body. And as she got closer, and closer...it stopped looking like PALMER-EDEN's work. It stopped looking like a gang fight. The body looked as though it was torn apart. 

It looked as though it had been torn apart by a rabid animal. Limbs were missing. The chest looked as though it had burst- organs were missing. There was a horrible smell as she got closer, which made her take out her metal mask, and pushed it onto her face. She also pulled out a pair of gloves and put them on, aswell as rummaging through her bag for a flashlight. Pulling her flashlight out, she knelt down in front of the body and turned on the flashlight. *God, what the fuck?* Her brow furrowed as she stared into the giant cavity the stretched from the man's chest to his abdomen. Blood poured out like a waterfall, still. A bunch of his organs were missing. Cisila turned the flashlight up to the man's face. And it hit her. It *was* him. The same beard- the same olive skin. The same buzzcut. She ground her teeth against each other as she tired at the lifeless face. Fear was embedded in his eyes. Whoever, or *whatever* had killed him had struck some kind of fear into him. *Now the question is...what does he do as a syndicate leader? Which one does he even lead?* She reached for the man's pockets, carefully feeling them. *A wallet. A phone, too.* Cisila pulled them out slowly, carefully. Obviously, being a rather wealthy man because of organized crime, his phone was top of the line. *But it probably doesn't have anything on it.* Nobody in their right mind would use their personal phone to store evidence of their crimes. And his wallet...it probably didn't have anything either, but just to be sure, she sifted through it. His debit card was gone. Any money that may have been in the wallet was gone aswell...or it was never there to begin with. Coupons and receipts seemed to be the only thing left in the wallet. *Fuck...* She thought, beginning to feel frustrated. Cisila put them into her bag, but thought, *Useless.*, which felt obvious to her already. Getting up, she turned to leave. But just as she got up, Cisila heard someone scream at her. She whipped around, only to be met by a woman in a suit, who looked like she meant business- and judging by the small pin on her suit, she was with a syndicate. Bad news. "It was YOU!" She screamed. *Shit.* Cisila thought, looking around. *I can't be caught like this- shit.* Her mask was on, which meant that her identity was technically safe. But that didn't mean this wasn't a gigantic risk. Cisila felt a twinge of anger. "Get the HELL out of here, you piece of-" Before the woman could even finished her sentence, a small throwing knife constructed itself in Cisila's hand, and she pitched it straight towards the woman. It went straight into her head. And she fell to the ground. Cisila didn't think anything of it for a moment, as she took a step forward. But then, more syndicate members rushed into the alleyway before she could even do anything. She stopped dead cold. There was half a dozen. More than she could handle- without killing them, at least. "Knew the murderer would return to the scene..." One of them said, twirling a metal bat in their hands, "Always happens. We were waitin'." Two more pulled out pistols, while the rest brandished small knives or batons. 

<sup><sub>Note: Cue Fog from LOST JUDGMENT</sub></sup>

Cisila ground her teeth, and flung her right arm out, with her hand splayed. She wasn't going to hold back if they were trying to kill her. In her hand, her blade began to fold out, clicking and whirring. It put itself together like a mechanical puzzle as she grabbed hold of its hilt. "Alright." She said, "I didn't kill him. I'm just here to look. But I don't think I can change your mind..." Cisila twirled the blade and grabbed hold of it with both her hands, readying herself in a defensive stance. This was her element. She could fight her fists, but she meant business with a blade. And those guns weren't going to stop her. *Not like last night.* "Tch," One of them spat, "Your superpowers don't scare us!" they yelled, as they raised their pistol and pulled the trigger. It felt as if everything slowed down to a crawl as the bullet left the barrel, going straight for Cisila. She watched it get closer and closer, before she sprang into action. In complete slow motion, she took a running start. She flung her arms up in the air, keeping a tight hold on her blade, and brought it straight down onto the bullet. As soon as the metal of the blade collided with the tiny nine millimetre bullet, sparks flew. The bullet went off course as Cisila continued to bring her blade down, shoving her heels into the ground and sliding to a stop. Time sped back up to a normal rate as Cisila was forced to dodged around all the syndicate members' attacks. She went this way and that, wildly swinging her blade as she whirled around. Cisila flipped her blade around so she was holding it backhanded, turned towards the nearest syndicate member, and thrust the tip of the blade into their upper chest. She shoved it deeper, grabbing hold of the hilt with both hands. Then, in a counter-clockwise arc, she tore through the member's upper chest, and head with the blade. His head split in two, his chest split apart as she ripped the blade out of him. *It's self defense.* She told herself. *They're trying to kill me.* Cisila deflected another of their attacks and roundhouse kicked them into the wall, knocking them out. *Better.* But as she continued to deflect and counter the rest of their attacks, each of them fell. They had all been stabbed by her. They weren't dead, but they were going to die if nobody saved them. Cisila knocked down the last one and stomped on their head, breaking their nose. And then she stumbled back, catching her breath. Her blade disappeared into her hand, and she suddenly became laser focused on the police sirens she could hear in the distance. As if it was a natural response, her EXO sprawled out around her arms and legs, and her grapple gun formed on her left arm. She flung her arm up and fired the grapple. It pulled her up to the rooftop, where she pulled herself up and collapsed. *Made the scene of the crime even worse. And I didn't even get anything...* Then she realized she still had the man's phone. And in the wallet...there had to be some form of I.D in it, she knew she saw something. Cisila could bring those to Kasey. She sighed, relieved. There *was* something. Pulling herself up, she decided to just parkour her way back to Kasey's. She was kind of a mess again (blood had gotten on her clothes- not a good look), and didn't feel like going home just yet. So she stretched briefly, before breaking into a sprint. Leaping over rooftops, sliding under and over pipes sticking out of the roofs, Cisila ran to Kasey's.

She climbed in through a window, and, having notified Kasey, was able to get in easily. Kasey was sitting at a cluttered desk with her legs resting on it, smoking a cigarette. Kasey herself looked like a mess. Her messy hair  was tied into a ponytail, which really didn't do much- similar to Cisila's- and most of her hair fell around the sides of her head and shoulders. A pair of sunglasses was stuck in her hair, looking rather useless. She was wearing a white t-shirt and a maroon vest, with fingerless gloves on her hands. "Jeez..." Kasey said, looking at Cisila. "Oh- uh-" Cisila stammered, "Got into a fight. Syndicate trying to kill me." Kasey pursed her lips, looking Cisila up and down, "...Well, don't get any blood on my floor. Otherwise, I couldn't care less!" She threw her hands out, "Seriously. I've got a gun on me for a reason. I don't give a shit if you kill someone. That's kind of your job, isn't it?" Cisila's brow furrowed, and she pulled off her mask. "...It's more like a job that Dani makes me do. I couldn't care less about the criminals in this stupid city, unless they're the Syndicate." She explained. Kasey scoffed, "Most of them are. And, about that, actually..." She pulled her legs off of her desk and slid her chair closer to it. "I was looking into them. It kinda seems like most of them are working with either..." Kasey looked down at her desk, in apparent disappointment. "What?" Cisila asked, sitting down on the other side of Kasey's desk. "...They have control over law enforcement. They can basically get away with anything, if they can pay." Kasey explained, and she took a smoke. "One of the three groups also works with PALMER-EDEN. At least, that's what this source I found says." She slid a piece of printed paper over to Cisila, who picked it up and read it. It was a news article from several months ago, seemingly having been taken off the internet. It detailed how one of the three Syndicates in the city, the Dragons, were hauling goods around and getting rid of loose ends for PALMER-EDEN. "Holy shit..." She mumbled, scanning the article. "How did you find this?" Kasey leaned forward, "Get this. Dani helped me out. They got it from the police HQ." *The HQ?* Cisila's eyes went wide. Kasey snuffed out her cigarette, and said, "Well...it wasn't them, actually...but they still helped. Dani got one of their people to get in and steal some evidence. Guy named Zephyr, I think." Cisila had heard Dani mention someone by that name before. Maybe he was just really good at his job? "Okay," Cisila said, putting down the paper, "I've got something for you aswell." And she pulled out the man's phone and wallet, placing them on the table. "The guy's ID might be in that wallet. And if you can crack that phone..." She stared down at it, "I think it might be worth something." Kasey grabbed the wallet and went through it, pulling out a driver's license. "Bingo." She said, and read out the name. "He was a guy named Joseph Coal." Kasey pulled open her laptop, and put the license down as she began to search the name. "I should be able to get *something* to confirm that he's the leader. Just give me a sec." 

Cisila reclined in her chair, and pulled out her phone. The sun was beginning to set, and in Kasey's office, no lights were on. Shadows cast by the city outside loomed around Cisila and Kasey, as the sun lowered slowly. Kasey clicked her tongue suddenly, "Bingo." she said. Kasey turned her laptop towards Cisila, and the screen displayed a picture that matched the man's look exactly. "This is him, a couple months ago." Kasey explained. "It's a news article. An expos article written by a news reporter. It was pulled off the internet, but," Kasey slid a finger down the trackpad of the laptop, scrolling down the article. "I found it. It's definitely him." Cisila's eyes scanned the article, and, to her, it confirmed that it was indeed the man she was looking for. "It's got to be him." She said. "There's no way it isn't." Crossing her arms, she leaned back in her chair, "Which means we have another problem..." Cisila said, and Kasey nodded. "Who killed him?" Kasey asked. "And why?" Cisila sighed, tapping a finger on her forearm while her arms were crossed. "I think we need to figure out if there's something going with the three Syndicates." She said. "If there's something going on with them, we can rule it out as a casualty of gang warfare. That narrows it down, doesn't it?" Kasey turned her laptop back towards herself, and stretched. "I- think so." She said, stretching her arms over her head. "But there's kind of only one way to confirm that..." Cisila cocked her head, "How?" She asked. "The police keep a sharp eye on the Syndicates." Kasey explained, "If you can get into their headquarters, into their evidence room or some shit- I bet you'll find something." Cisila nodded. "Right. I guess I'll get Dani to take care of that." She said, but Kasey shook her head. "I think you should do it. Dani's not gonna be inclined to help." Cisila pursed her lips. "Right...fine." She uncrossed her arms and got up, "I'll go get some sleep, then. I'll message you when I'm about to leave for the station, so you know." Kasey nodded, and said, "Good luck.". Cisila opened one of the many windows in Kasey's office and leaped out, using her grapple gun to propel herself across the street. For now, she'd head back home.

# 5
# DECISIONS
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 8:30PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 29TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila was sitting at her desk in her small bedroom. The only light on in the room was her desk lamp, which shone down on her desk. A blue-green measuring mat covered most of the desk, and it was covered in metal and wood shreddings, and stained with paint. However, it was mostly covered by a large set of blueprints. Careful diagrams of a firearm had been sketched out on the blueprints, with all of its measurements written properly. Cisila herself was tinkering with a thin barrel, that of which matched the diagrams. Holding the end of the barrel to her eye, she looked down it. *The bore's wrong.* The interior of the barrel, the bore, looked slightly incorrect. Lopsided. *And I messed up the rifling...* The rifling inside, which twisted around the interior of the barrel to give the bullet a spin, looked wonky aswell. She groaned, and dropped the barrel on top of the blueprints, which thunked quietly. *Why can't I get this right?* She leaned over her desk and covered her face with her hands. *Every single day that I try this, I mess up.* The barrel, like her blade, had been constructed by her ability. She could make *anything* with it. So long as she either had blueprints or made them herself, she could build anything complicated. *If I tried hard enough, I could probably make an entire house...* She thought, hands still in her face. *But right now, I can't even make the barrel of a gun.* She'd made things herself before, obviously- her blade and the throwing knife. Those had taken her months to make aswell, but this gun she'd been trying to make...it had easily taken a year, and all she had done was the most simple parts. *The grip.* She lowered her hands from her face. As soon as the image of the grip flashed through her mind, it appeared in her hand, clicking together. It was made of a couple parts, but due to how simple it was, it was easy to make. The slide, too, was simple. It was a little rough, but as the pistol grip disappeared and the slide appeared in her hand, she remembered how long ago she'd last made progress. *Months.* Cisila thought. *It's been months since I made any progress.* She leaned back in her chair and sighed, dejectedly. 

The sun was almost completely out of sight, and her room was mostly shadows. Cisila wasn't sure whether to go to the police headquarters doing the day, or night. At night, the headquarters was probably quieter. And during the day, most officers and people on the force would be there. One was clearly easier- but frankly, she was already tired enough as is. Rather than getting it over with, she felt like she needed a decent amount of sleep and a cup of coffee before she even thought about trying to break into the goddamned *police headquarters.* Rubbing her eyes gently, she got up from her chair, and stretched. Ever since she'd gotten home, about an hour ago, she'd been tinkering. Sitting there. Doing nothing. A waste of time. Again. She linked her fingers together, and raised her arms over her head, arching her back. Her spine crackled. *Sitting for too long again...* Unlinking her fingers, Cisila sat down on her bed. As soon as she did, she noticed that it had begun raining, rather hard. Realizing how tired she was, Cisila fell backwards onto her bed. The rain hitting her window was the only noise she could hear, other than her own breathing. Slowly, her eyes closed. She was just too tired to bother changing. Drifting into sleep, her breathing slowed. But, suddenly, a noise pierced her ears. A sharp knocking on her door. Cisila bolted upright and shook her head, "What-" she blurted. Quickly getting up and leaving her room, stumbling into the main room, she pulled open the apartment's front door. Nobody was there. Cisila blinked. "Huh?" She mumbled, "...What?" Leaning out of the doorway, she couldn't see anyone. But as she looked around, she saw something on the floor...blood. Spatters of blood lined the hallway from the elevators, up to her door, and away from it in the other direction. Someone, definitely bleeding, had tried to get her help. At least, that's what she thought. 

<sup><sub>Note: Cue Irritation from LIKE A DRAGON Infinite Wealth</sub></sup>

Quickly, she snatched her satchel off of the coat hangar and pulled it on, aswell as getting her shoes on before she stepped out the door. Shutting it behind her, she decided to follow the trail of blood. Walking down the hallway, she kept her eyes on the blood. It looked fresh. It *had* to be from whoever had knocked on her door. She followed it down the stairwell at the end of the hallway, and watched carefully as the puddles of blood seemed to grow. Whoever was bleeding, she could it was getting *worse.* If Cisila couldn't catch up, they'd probably bleed out. She picked up her pace and went down the stairs as fast as she could. The trail went down through an empty hallway behind the lobby, and out through a service entrance that went out into an alleyway. She ran down the hallway and pushed the door open, heaving it out of her way. Stepping out into the dark and wet alleyway behind her apartment, she saw who it was. A man was keeled over on the ground, clutching his sides. Bleeding far, *far* too much. Cisila rushed over to him, and crouched next to him. "Hey- hey-" She said, grabbing his shoulders, "Did you knock on my door?!" The man looked up at her, "Oh my god..." he mumbled, groaning. "I didn't...think...I could get to you. Thank God." Cisila felt a lot of concern suddenly. "What-? Why were you trying to get to me?" She asked, gripping his shoulder. "Tell me. Please." The man slowly sat up, shaking his head, "I had...something to give you. I'd have done it digitally, but...being watched." He seemed to struggle to put words together, and Cisila knew that he was losing too much blood. She couldn't help him, not in this state, but she needed to know *why* he'd come here. "Why? *Why?"* She said, louder. "Please!" 

He groaned, and tried to pull something out of his jacket. "I heard, from...a- a friend...that you're trying to investigate the gangs. I have something for you- it's- it's really..." He gasped for air. "Come on!" Cisila pleaded. "Just tell me. There's-" she swallowed, "- there's nothing I can do for you, but if you tell me...it'll do something. Please!" Why had this man been injured? And by who? Slowly, he pulled out a manilla folder that looked filled to the brim. "It's this. You need to read it- Take it." He shoved it towards her, and she snatched it up. "The Syndicates...they're trying to stop me. Got shot on my way here- but- my friend, they told me you were trustworthy. They told me *you* could do something." Cisila squinted at him, *Who? Who was this friend?* But as she opened her mouth, the devastating ring of a gunshot filled her ears. The man had been shot in the head. Her eyes went wide and she quickly got up, *Shit-* She tried to shove the manilla folder into her satchel, but she wasn't able to. A firm hand gripped her forearm and tugged her back. Whoever it was tugged the folder out of her hands, and she immediately went into attack mode. She kicked backwards, and her leg made contact with the person's stomach. She lunged forward and rolled along the ground to get out of the way of this mysterious assailant, before pulling herself back up and turning to face them. Silently, they slid the folder into their jacket. They were wearing a mask, and had a hood on. She couldn't tell if they were female, male, or even neither. They wore a simple jacket and black, slightly ripped jeans. *Jesus Christ, you're joking...* Cisila thought. She raised her fists, but the figure raised a hand. "No." They said. Their voice was modulated by the mask. "You want this stuff? You're going to have to fight a lot of us. And it *won't* be fun." They sneered. Cisila lowered her fists, silently watching the figure. She wouldn't give an answer. They stared at her, or at least, she *thought* they did. They lowered their voice, still seeming to speak in a rageful tone, "You'll find where you need to go on that man's person. Should be a photo." They turned away, and the moment they did, Cisila seized her opportunity. She lunged forward and yelled, "LIKE HELL I'LL DO THAT!", rushing at the figure. Forgetting where she was for a brief moment, she constructed her blade in her hands and brought it down on the mystery figure. As if they knew she'd do this, they whipped around and caught her blade between their hands- but their hands weren't normal. They had transformed into large, mechanical-esque claws. Her eyes went wide, but before she could even react, they kicked her away. "Nice try." They spat.

They pulled out a grapple gun and pulled the trigger, and the grappling hook latched onto the roof of the building behind them. "You're an absolute idiot, you know that?" They said. "You just showed yourself. We know who you are now." Suddenly, the cables of their grapple gun lifted them up to the top of the building, and they disappeared over it. Cisila stood there silently. *I wasn't thinking properly. Now somebody knows what I am. And if I heard that right...* She sighed. *Whoever that is, is going to tell the Syndicates.* Cisila walked over to the man's body, crouched, and started rummaging through his jacket. She found a photo that looked as though it was taken with an old Polaroid, and she pulled it out. Flipping it over to get a look at the picture, she almost immediately recognized. The photo showed a large tower-like building, curved almost like the letter "C". It was taken from the ground, looking up. But it was extremely recognizable. It was the largest still operating casino in the city. High-Stakes Casino, it was called. Bland. *And it's owned by one of the Syndicates.* The only reason it was still operating. *The Cobras,* she remembered. Looking up at where the mysterious figure disappeared, the pieces clicked together. They wanted her to go here, and find that folder. *Is this some kind of game?* She thought, standing back up. *Now I've got two different, extremely tiring things to do.* Sliding the picture into her satchel, she decided that it really wasn't a good time to bother with this stuff. Heading back inside, up the stairwell, and back into her apartment, she took her shoes off and slung her satchel back on the coat hangar. Yawning, she walked into her bedroom, fell face first onto her bed, and passed out.

Hours later, she was now at her small kitchen inset. It was now the morning of the 30th, and her mind was whaling at her. *Get things done! Get them done!* It echoed. Cisila attempted to ignore it, because for the time being, she felt *bad* just thinking about doing any of that. She desperately wanted to ignore the situation, to just disappear. It was too much for her to handle at this point, but, as she washed her dishes, her mind continued to yell at her. Louder. And louder. *DO IT!* It yelled. *Just GET IT OVER WITH! It can't be THAT big of a deal!* But it WAS a big deal. If she stepped foot near that casino, she would be walking right into a trap. Right into her *death,* if she did anything wrong. Grinding her sponge against the dirty plate, cleaning off the gunk, Cisila felt herself falling into a loop. She'd probably be here for the next hour, cleaning an already sparkling plate. But she couldn't break herself out of the loop, because she didn't want to move. It felt as if though she needed someone to kick her out of her house in order for her to get anything done today. Her mind was going blank- she was forcing herself to stop thinking. But just as she managed to empty her mind of her mental voice, her phone buzzed. And it buzzed again. Cisila looked down at it, where it was sitting on the counter. Sighing, she put down the sponge and the plate, dried her hands, and picked up the phone to answer. *It's Dani. What does she want?* She thought, answering the call and holding her phone to up her face. "Hey." Cisila mumbled. "Yeah, and good morning to you too." Dani replied, over the phone. "I heard from some trustworthy people that you've gotten yourself into a spot of trouble." Cisila's stomach dropped. *Great.* She thought. "...Yeah, I guess so." Cisila mumbled. "It's not that big of a deal, though, I-" But Dani stopped her, "No. You *don't.* The man that was murdered? A news reporter. He was communicating with us, and that folder we know he had? We need it." Cisila sighed, "Shit, then. I've got to get it, don't I?" She said, dejectedly. "Well, I considered my options. Do you know where the stupid thing was taken?" Dani asked. "Yes. High-Stakes." Cisila replied. "Oh. Hm." Dani muttered, thinking. Cisila moved over to her couch, and sat down, picking the photo of High-Stakes off of her small table. "Isn't it owned by the Cobras? And that man, he..." Cisila started, trying to figure out the words, "...he said it was important information. Someone said I needed it. And then he got shot." Dani took a good moment to respond, before saying, "Yes. We know. We asked him to get that information." *The Brotherhood. Of course...* Dani continued, "We told him to bring it directly to an informant, but, it seems like he didn't. He was injured by a few Syndicate members, then fled. To your house. Something must have changed his mind." Cisila nodded, and replied, "Right. But why me?" Dani sighed, and muttered, "Couldn't tell you," before raising her voice, "Point is, though, you need to get it back. But from High-Stakes? You're not doing that alone." Cisila's brow furrowed. Was Dani going to accompany her? That wasn't their style. Blinking and getting herself back on track, Cisila mumbled, "Right. So what's the plan then?" Dani then began to explain.

"Well, first and foremost, it's not going to be me. I've got too many things to do today. I'll get Zephyr to go with you- he's pretty suited for this kind of thing, I think." *Zephyr.* She recognized that name. It had something to do with Kasey... "He'll follow you like a shadow until you get attacked- which, let's be honest, is a surefire occurrance- and he'll jump in to help you. Once you get their attention, you need to find out where in the casino they're keeping that thing. Should be simple." Dani continued to explain, before Cisila suddenly blurted out, "So- hang on-" She shook her head, "I'm just going to waltz in like I own the place?!" She exclaimed. "Yes. You're not sneaking through there. Security's tight, y'know? Not worth it to sneak through." Dani replied, "Better to bust some skulls than to waste time." Cisila thought about this- and realized Dani was correct. At least, from her point of view. There wasn't any time to waste- they might destroy the evidence in the folder. Realizing this, and how desperate the man seemed, Cisila got up. "Got it, then. I think I'll just get this over with now. Can you get that guy ready to follow me?" She asked, firmly. Her mind was set. "What?" Dani seemed slightly shocked. "Uh- Okay. I was thinking you'd do a little later in the day..." Cisila shook her head, "No. Hell no. This is top priority. I've got a thing or two to ask those Syndicate fucks anyways." she asserted. "I'm going." *This is a terrible idea.* Her mind echoed. *No, no it's not...is it? It is. No, it's not.* The inside of her mind was like a waging war between *Bad idea* and *Just get it over with*, and she had decided to get it over with. Quickly, she got ready. Pulling on the jacket she used for going out as V, she walked into her bedroom and pulled up the loose floorboard where she hid her mask. It sat there silently. And she picked it up, and stashed it back inside her satchel, of which she'd already pulled on. Cisila pulled open the window in her bedroom and climbed out, shutting it behind her. The cool air of midday September hit her pretty fast, as she pulled her mask on. It clicked and seemed to fasten to her face easily, as she leaped off the fire escape and fired her EXO's grapple just as she had a couple nights previously. She was heading straight for High-Stakes.

# 6
# NEW FACE
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 2:27PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 30TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/0kgngCigUQMmUv1mdn31rR?si=a4ac5d1038134166
##### tranquillo - YAKUZA: Like a Dragon - SEGA SOUND TEAM

Cisila landed in the expansive outdoor entrance to the High-Stakes Casino, and stared up at the large building. It was one of the biggest buildings in the city, aside from the skyscrapers. It stood as a momentous achievement for organized crime- something the police somehow couldn't do anything about. But nobody seemed to be around. Of course, it was the middle of the day. She'd heard from customers at the bookstore that the casino only properly opened at night. But the doors were wide open...all, what, eight of the large glass doors leading into the lobby? Taking a few steps towards the entrance carefully, she strained her eyes to look through her mask. There was nobody to be seen. No Syndicate members. No nothing. She stepped into the lobby slowly, looking around. The lobby itself was a massive expanse, with plenty of waiting space and a large desk for multiple employees to be at during work hours. There was no ceiling...when you looked up, you could see every single floor curved around the building, where it was open all the way to the very top of the building, which finally closed off, so no rain would get in. It was ridiculous. This building not only felt like a waste of money, it felt like a waste of time to build. As she walked through the lobby and through yet another set of doors, Cisila entered the first floor. An even wider expanse that stretched around the building, filled with things to do. It was like a luxury hotel- but with ten times the amount of gambling machines. Anybody who came here to gamble clearly had nothing to lose. But in the centre of the first floor, there was a large stage. It was circular, with no curtains around it. Cisila got a bad feeling, as she jogged up the steps onto it to get a better look at the first floor. Almost every seat not attached to a gambling machine was facing the stage. As she looked around at the seats, she realized where she was standing. *Well, that's a little awkward.* Cisila continued to turn around, staring at the giant casino.  

It didn't take long before, suddenly, she heard yells. Cisila whipped around towards one of the many stairwells, and saw many well-dressed Syndicate members hauling weapons down. *Oh, shit.* It looked to her like they were prepared. Large swords, axes...where had they gotten these? But as more members appeared, running down the stairwells, she realized that this might be too much for her. *Which is why I've got some help. But where is he?* She craned her head upwards, trying to see. *Is he even here?* Cisila had no idea. The Syndicate members climbed up onto the stage and surrounded her, seemingly waiting for a reason to go at her. Looking around at them, she frowned. *They're waiting for me to attack first.* But she wouldn't budge. All the members did was stare at her as she slowly turned around, looking right back at them. "What are you waiting for?!" One of them yelled. "You're here for some reason, aren't you?!" They stepped forward, brandishing a combat knife. Cisila glanced down at it before raises her hands in a defensive stance. But as soon as the Syndicate member took another step towards her, someone dropped from the floor above. Their foot slammed right down onto the Syndicate member's head, bashing them straight into the floor. A horrible *snap* sounded as the person landed on the member, seeming to have snapped his spine. "NOW!" They yelled, and Cisila only caught a quick glance at their face. *A skull mask...not unlike mine. It must be Zephyr.* But she didn't have time to think on it, as the Syndicate members immediately broke out into a fight, and she was forced to defend and dodge. She ducked around and slid under a few of the members' sharp, melee weapons. Cisila grabbed hold of one of the members' legs while she was on the ground and yanked him to the floor, jumping up and stomping on his head before he could do anything. Swiftly, she deflected another members' attack and kicked them away. Zephyr caught hold of the one she knocked away and slammed him to the floor, pulling out a knife and stabbing it through their forehead. Killing them. "If that's how we're playing-" Cisila shouted, while her blade constructed itself in her hand. She sliced through as many of the Syndicate as she could, feeling her muscles scream in protest. She was moving too fast, and her mind had gone blank for now. Her primary goal was simple: Take them all down. She and Zephyr quickly dispatched one particular Syndicate member with a large battle axe by taking them down together. Cisila used her left arm's grapple gun to latch onto the battle-axe wielding member, yanked them towards her before deconstructing her blade and slamming her fists into their face multiple times. They stumbled back, and Zephyr, using the time he had, swiftly yanked the battle axe out of the person's hands, and used it to decapitate them. Their body fell to the floor, and that's when the two realized- everybody was down. 

<sup><sub>Note: Cue appassionato or Un altro appassionato from YAKUZA: LIKE A DRAGON and LIKE A DRAGON GAIDEN respectively</sub></sup>

Zephyr looked as though he had been caught by a few weapons- his sweater was already stained with his blood, and Cisila could see the cuts through his sweater. "We need to keep going." He spat, firmly. "There's no reason for us to stand around!" She nodded, and almost leapt off the stage before something strange happened. The stage *shifted.* It clunked awkwardly, before a whirr sounded. Cisila froze. And then...the stage started moving *up.* It was an elevator. The stage could be moved to whichever floor wanted it. "Oh, for fuck's sake-" She grumbled, sliding back to the middle of the stage. Zephyr carefully watched the floors above him as the elevator raised the two towards them. "We're stuck here until it gets to the top," Zephyr observed. "Just gotta survive..." *that* was reassuring, Cisila thought to herself. As she looked up aswell, she saw Syndicate members watching the elevator rise from the floors above. They looked surprised, as if they weren't expecting this to happen. *Was this planned? Or did someone just pull the switch on the elevator?* But wherever this thought was going, she didn't have time to explore it. Syndicate members leaped down onto the platform to try and take her and Zephyr down- but Cisila wasn't going to let them, and clearly, neither was Zephyr. The two knocked down the members swiftly, and Cisila took hold of one, before flinging him off the edge of the platform. It continued to rise, getting higher and higher...and more Syndicate members appeared. One after the other, Zephyr and Cisila either knocked them out cold, or sent them off the edge, and to their death. More, and more...she could hear their bodies hit the floor. And then, just as she felt her adrenaline peak, the elevator came to a stop with a solid *thunk.* Panels, which used to be the guard rails, folded down in order to cover the gap that the elevator had, between all the floors. And as soon as they all clicked into place, Cisila noticed...that, all of a suddenly, there were no Syndicate members around them. They seemed to have reached the top floor- a private floor, specifically for private meetings and suites. Shaking her arms out, Cisila sighed. She rubbed the various bruises she'd gotten gingerly...and felt a couple cuts along her arms. They weren't too deep, but they still stung, like hell. 

Zephyr turned towards her and silently pointed at a set of two large doors. Above them a gold plaque read "PENTHOUSE". Cisila walked towards the doors, across the red carpets that lined the floor. The walls, too, were red. The casino really seemed to like the color red. Grabbing hold of the large, ornate handles on the doors, she heaved them open. When they opened, she and Zephyr stepped through. They seemed to have made it. But on the large table in the centre of the large, open penthouse...was the file. It was just sitting there. Cisila held an arm out to stop Zephyr. "That's not right." She said. Zephyr carefully looked around the room, "I'm not seeing anything, though..." he muttered. Cisila lowered her arm and carefully stepped towards the table. As she got closer, she got the feeling that someone was watching her. She got to the table, and reached for the file. It didn't look like anybody touched it. Just as her fingers were about to touch the file...someone grabbed her arm. Firmly. But she couldn't *see* anyone grab her arm. "What-" She sputtered, but wasn't able to get any more words out. Cisila was flung across the room, and she crashed straight into a large bookshelf. Books tumbled off the shelves as she landed on the marble floor, and as she was trying to pull herself up, Cisila looked around wildly. *What the hell was that?!* And then she was grabbed again- by her shoulder; she was thrown across the room again. The immense strength in the throw had disoriented her the first time, but this time, she felt ready. Her grapple-gun constructed itself on her left arm, and she fired it. The hook stabbed itself into the marble floor and anchored itself. The cable reeled her with an immense force. She flew back towards where she thought the invisible person was, and as the grapple gun's cables snapped, Cisila flung her foot forwards and felt it make contact with a man's chest. When she made contact, it looked as if a paint bucket filled with colors spilled out from under her foot. Color, opacity, and shadows returned to the man. As soon as Cisila landed and pulled herself up, Zephyr rushed over. "What the actual fuck?!" Cisila shook her head, "Get the file. Take it to my place." She spat, "You know where it is?" And Zephyr nodded, sprinting back over to the table in the centre of the room. He took the file, ran out onto the penthouse's balcony, and disappeared off the edge. But as soon as she readied another strike on the man, he put his hands up towards Cisila, "Hang on!" He pleaded. She was about to aim a right hook at the man's jaw. "Huh?" She sputtered. "Just- hang on." He repeated, slowly lowering his hands. Cisila lowered her hands aswell, and returned to her normal posture. "What?" Was this guy just a henchman? Was he only here on orders? What if-

She didn't get time to continue those thoughts. Swiftly, the man slammed his fist upwards, against Cisila's jaw. She felt a horrible *crack* as she was knocked off her feet. Cisila hit the ground hard, and the man stood over her. "Jeez, you're more of an idiot than I thought you were." He was right. She *was* an idiot for falling for a simple trick. Cisila stared up at him, through her mask. "Y'know, I'm not sure you need this..." He reached towards her mask. *NO.* Her mind screamed. She grabbed hold of his arm aggressively and wrenched it away. "No!" She sputtered. "Hands the *fuck* off-" And then...he pulled his arm away. "If you say so, Siveta." Under her masks, her eyes went wide with shock. "You-" She mumbled... "How did you-" He laughed. In one swift movement, before Cisila could even react, he pulled her mask off. "I didn't realize it was you, at first...I was told it was only going to be you, alone." He held out a hand, as if to help Cisila up. Confusedly, she took it. He heaved her up onto her feet, and finally, Cisila got a proper look at him. The man's hair was tied back into a ponytail, and his features were rather rough. Stubble lined the bottom half of his face, and his eyes were hidden by thin sunglasses. "...Okay, but who the hell are you?" She asked. "Dan." He said, nodding. "Brand new patriarch of the Cobras, at your service." Her brow furrowed, and she spoke again. "Patriarch? You're the leader?" He nodded, and responded, "Yeah. Old one died. Usually a new one isn't chosen this fast...and that, actually," He crossed his arms, "brings us to why I know you exist." Cisila groaned, "Great." She said. "What's this about? Oh- and why'd you have to throw me?" She looked around at the bookshelf, where some of the books were now scattered across the floor. "Thought you were an actual intruder. Take a seat. I oughta explain what you just went through." And he sat down on the large, half circle couch that surrounded the table. She sat down next to him, and crossed her legs. He pulled out his phone and set it down on the table, "So that file...whatever it was- that thing you needed-" he started, "was brought to us by someone in a mask. I'm assuming you know that already." Cisila nodded, and he continued, "Now, for some reason, they didn't come to me. They came to one of my captains. Said to keep this file up here. And to close down the casino completely for a day, and fill it with Syndicate thugs. Why? Because someone wanted to steal it." And Cisila already had a question. She spoke up, "And...how exactly did you know to get here?" Dan scoffed, "Oh, jeez," he started, "I first found out when about a quarter of the entire Syndicate showed up here. Anyone not in the know came to me and asked what the hell was going on. I said I didn't. And I came here..." He explained. "And I found out pretty quickly that my men were trying to defend a fucking manilla folder." Dan leaned back in his seat, "And then...I found out what was in the folder. Details of how the patriarch of the Dragons died. The one who preceded me as the Eagles' patriarch, too." He inhaled deeply, "...And then I realized what was going on. Someone - you, turns out - was trying to figure out what happened. I want to know, too."

Cisila nodded. "Right. Why?" Dan rubbed his forehead slowly, "I...have a lot to think about. And knowing what happened - who killed them - would help me out a lot. I'd even be willing to help you. The old patriarch meant the world to me." She could see how Dan felt. "I didn't have a father," Dan mumbled, "I only had the patriarch. He was getting up there in years, and, well...I thought he was going to die peacefully." Cisila cocked her head, "Was...was he murdered?" She quietly asked. Dan nodded, and continued, "Just a couple of weeks ago. Ripped apart by...well, who knows what." *What?* Cisila perked up, "Wait. Hang on. What was his name?" Dan looked confused for a moment, before mumbling, "Uh...Tom. I never found out his last name- it never mattered to him." Okay. So it wasn't Joseph Coal- whoever that was. But he'd said something about not just his patriarch, but the Dragons' patriarch too... "Does the name Joseph Coal mean anything to you?" She asked. Dan immediately flinched, "Yes." He said. He met Cisila's eyes, "He was the patriarch of the Dragons. I'm pretty sure that's who you found yesterday." That was enough confirmation. "You're sure?" She asked. *"Yes."* He repeated. "It was him. And it looked like he was murdered the same way that Tom was. They have to be connected." Cisila shut her eyes for a moment. *This is bad. That's two of three Syndicate leaders, dead...and replaced.* She felt her lip twitch, before saying, "They've got to be. Both Syndicate patriarchs...both killed the same way. I think someone's trying to do something to your operations." Dan grumbled, "That one's obvious. I got a look at the folder, by the way." Cisila opened her eyes and looked at him, "What did it say?" She asked, tilting her head again. "...It was pictures of a man. Someone I swear I've seen before. I think you need to look at it yourself. The guy who made the folder had written that this guy was present at the crime scenes, observing them. From a distance. Only reason the guy noticed is because he's done the same thing, a lot." Cisila suddenly got up, "I need to have a look at it for myself. Like you said. Can you give me your phone number?" She pulled out her phone and held it up to him, "I don't think you're anything bad. I won't do anything for you, but if I get any updates, I'll call you." Dan nodded, and they traded phone numbers. Scooping her mask off the floor and heading towards the penthouse doors, Cisila looked back. "Can I just...leave through the main entrance? I might have killed a bunch of your guys." Dan got up and walked up to her, "It's fine. Those guys shouldn't have been doing this, either, without my go-ahead. That captain was basically a traitor for doing what that outsider said, but...I already took care of him." There was a bitter taste in Dan's voice. Cisila slowly pulled open the doors and looked back one final time, "Don't tell anyone who I am. If you do, I'm sorry." Dan's brow furrowed, "Sorry? For what?" Cisila smiled, and shook her head. "What'll happen to you if you do. Don't worry about it." And then she left, navigating back down to the first floor.

# 7
# SWEETHEART
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 8:07AM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 30TH, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Back at her apartment, Cisila was on the phone with Kasey. They were going over what they had found in the folder- there was, in short, a *lot.* Cisila had begun to set up a traditional corkboard, trying to match the evidence together using string. There were the two killings: The patriarch of the Dragons and Cobras respectively - their news articles, and the pictures. And then things the two didn't know: past killings. Over the last few months, similar killings occurred. She'd heard about one of them - the former police chief - but didn't think anything of it until now. It was the *same* modus operandi. Chest ripped open, organs gone, and left in an alleyway. "Notable figures, right?" Cisila explained. "Whoever this is, he's going for notable figures in the vague bubble of, like- crime." Kasey responded, "Yeah. But *who is he?* What does he even look like?" Cisila, with her free hand, picked up one of the Polaroid photos. It was taken at night, and the only thing you could see properly was the silhouette of a rather large man. For some reason, it looked familiar- but she brushed it off. "Can't tell a damn thing." She picked up another photo, and it was a similar story. Different location - near the crime scene. "But it's clearly the same guy - same build n' shit." Staring close at the photo, she still couldn't shake the strange feeling that she'd seen the person before, but nothing suggested she did. "But it could just be a coincidence." Cisila suggested, "Besides, it looks like that man had found something else..." She put down the Polaroid photo of the man, and instead pulled out another printed photo of what looked like the crime *taking place.* Squinting at it, she felt her stomach drop. The person in the picture, who was clearly in an alleyway and in the middle of ripping apart of a victim, *wasn't* the man in the other pictures. It may really just have been a coincidence. "Ka- Kasey," She stuttered. "It looks like...he got a picture of the crime in action." Leaning closer, Cisila stared at the culprit. A large trench coat and rain boots were all she could spot, as their face was obscured. The build, though, was thin. Maybe a female. "It's not the first guy...it might be a girl." Getting even closer to the picture, she tried to find something else to point out. 

And then she spotted something. The culprits' hands didn't look natural. The fingers were far too long, and looked...metallic? They were also sharp to an extreme point...claws? The culprit, for whatever reason, had *metal claws* for hands. "...Oh, shit." Cisila sputtered. "Kasey- the culprit in this picture...she's got *claws."* And the way they looked...it had to be that girl she'd met before. She had had claws too. Cisila had been face-to-face with the true murderer, and she'd had *no* idea. "I met her. I *met* her." She repeated to herself. Kasey suddenly responded, "Claws? Like- like metal ones? You're sure?" She seemed to be spurred on by something. "Yeah." Cisila responded. "Sharp, metal ones. Pretty obvious joints." Over the phone, Cisila could hear the ruffling of paper. "Okay," Kasey started. "That means this isn't its own, isolated case. This isn't some newbie, this...is someone who's been murderering for months now, it just seems like the M.O changed. For whatever reason. The targets changed completely. *Everything* is different, but...it must be the same person. Especially if it's a girl. Female, with metal claws. That's the description I have. We might have our culprit." Kasey finished. Cisila felt a little uneasy about this, but pinned the picture to the board nonetheless. "So all we have to do...is find her." Cisila concluded. "That might be easier said than done, though..." Getting up, she shook her head, "A-anyways, Kasey, my shift is starting soon." She suddenly said. "Lyla said she needs me today, so, uh..." Kasey snorted. "Yeah, have fun with your girlfriend." She teased. Cisila's lip twitched. "She's not-" But Kasey hung up. *Fucker...* She thought to herself, putting her phone away. Sliding the corkboard under her couch, she pulled her satchel off the floor and slung it over her shoulder. Pulling her shoes on, she quickly walked out of apartment. 

An hour or so later, Cisila was sorting books at the bookstore. Yesterday, they'd had a large shipment. Books upon books, new copies of a bestselling author's newest book. Did she care? Not entirely. The author had had some interesting books, but this one...she turned a copy over in her hands, and read the back. *Ick.* She thought. *Romance. Not my favourite. Thought it'd be interesting...damn.* And she put the copy on the shelf, sliding it between the others. The spine of the book had the title, aswell as the cut-out of half of a person's face; she guessed it was supposed to be a visual representation of the main character. A picture-perfect female. Smooth skin, beautiful eyes...the small image on the spine stared at her, as if it was mocking Cisila. She had never been a conventional "girl", so whenever something like this caught her eye, she felt some kind of shiver down her spine. Of course, it was a fictional character, but the beauty standards were something she could never meet. They were something she had never *wanted* to meet. Why spend an hour a day - where you could be doing something much more productive - putting on makeup and making sure your skin was clean? What was the point in that? Usually, Cisila would just brush her hair and be done with it. She didn't care if she looked tired, because nobody looked at her anyways. Nobody *ever* paid any attention to her. Sometimes, people felt less like...people, and more like static obstacles. Lifeless things that never noticed her. And the only way they would ever notice her, probably, was if she looked like the girl in that picture. Sighing to herself, she headed across the store and behind the counter, opening the door to the break room just behind the counter. Walking in, she saw a couple other of the employees talking. They didn't look over at her. Instead of going towards them to chat, she just quietly sat down at the small round table in the corner of the room, pulling her phone out. She ended up staring at it for a few minutes, scrolling through the news. Nobody was reporting the murder of a Syndicate patriarch...but what still wouldn't get out of the news, no matter how much time passed, was the question of who blew the PALMER-EDEN truck up in the middle of a highway? 

It was her, obviously. But the journalists trying to conduct investigations were failing miserably. No evidence meant no conclusions. And no conclusions usually meant they'd make something up. Scandalous pieces blaming one of the Syndicates popped up several times, always pointing the blame at one or the other. It was the Cobras! No, it was the Dragons. No! It was that third one that everybody always forgot about- the group that was barely holding itself together, the Lions. It was like watching a bunch of hampsters yell at each other. Not only was it loud, it was annoying. Putting her phone down, Cisila put her face into her hands. The mistake she'd made, letting the truck explode like that, wouldn't stop hovering over her. At some point, someone might discover the truth. The only way to defend herself from it was to poke holes in Palmer's defense. The supplies in there *weren't* top-of-the-line medical tech, they were industrial experiments meant to mutilate humans. The less there were on the planet, the better off everybody would be. Cisila didn't need or want more people like her, and everything that had happened to her had convinced her that the only way she could live peacefully would be to kill Palmer. To find out the truth of what he did, and punish him for it. But a pothole like this...a mistake *this* big that managed to catch the public eye...could be enough to stop her in her tracks. Not only did she have to deal with this, but her being forced to help with a murder case she couldn't care less about - except for the fact that one of the victims...was one of the men who shot her mother. And supposedly...he was a patriarch in the Syndicates. The Dragons...something about that made her feel uneasy. Did Palmer hire the Syndicates to hunt down her mother? That meant he might have worked with them in the past. That meant that PALMER-EDEN wasn't as clean of a company as they presented themselves. And it especially meant that her mother may not have been the first...anyone else who got close enough to the truth, the mutilating experiments that turned normal people into superhumans, was killed. Murdered. And if their bodies were found, there were always false reports. A heart attack. That's what her mother's autopsy report said. A *heart attack.* Cisila couldn't believe her eyes when she first saw it. There were bullets in her head...how could they ignore that? And then, years later, she'd figured it out. PALMER-EDEN had falsified the report. It felt horrible to know, but they were good. Too good.

Blinking, she pulled her face out of her hands. Across from her, she suddenly spotted Lyla, comfortably sitting, and watching Cisila. "You all right?" She asked quietly. Cisila stared blankly at her for a moment, before shaking her head. She'd forgotten where she was. "H-huh?" She sputtered. "Yeah, yeah...I..." And then she looked down at her phone. It was still on, open on the news article about the explosion. Lyla glanced down at it, but seemed to pay no attention to it. Instead, she nodded, "That's good. I was just- a little worried about you, Cisila." Lyla watched Cisila's face carefully, as Cisila's mind kicked into gear. *Oh, fuck, she's talking to me. Oh fuck.* She thought. "Sorry, I'm just...a bit tired!" Cisila blurted out. "I did what you asked, though, I...uh..." Lyla carefully held onto one of Cisila's hands, which made Cisila feel *immensely* embarrassed. "Yeah, yeah. It's good. It's- it's good. You did good." Lyla said. She seemed a bit tired herself, and as Cisila stared back at her, something flashed behind Lyla's eyes. Cisila wasn't sure of what it was, but Lyla flinched a little, her lip twitching. Breathing in deeply, Cisila tried to find something to say. "Uh- how...er..." She scrunched her eyes shut, shaking her head. *Fuck!* "How are- how are you?" She mumbled. Lyla snorted, "I'm-" she tried to contain her giggle, "I'm alright." There seemed to be something in Lyla's eyes again, but this time, that energy was focused purely on Cisila. "Again, a bit tired...but, hey, so are you, looks like." She said, matter of factly. Cisila nodded, feeling herself quivering. Why was Lyla *holding onto her hand?* Was she TRYING to make Cisila freak out? "You?" Lyla asked, raising an eyebrow. Cisila stuttered for a moment, "Uh- er-" Lyla cocked her head at her, "Take your time." She said simply. "Yeah...yeah." Cisila mumbled. "It's- it's been a bit stressful, is all. That's it." Lyla nodded, seeming to understand. "I get that. I've..." Lyla struggled to find the words for a moment, "...I've been kinda stressed, too. I- yeah. No biggie." Slowly letting go of Cisila's hand, Lyla leaned back. "Really need a damn break, now that I think about it..." She muttered.

Cisila understood that. The stress from the explosion...the confusing murders, the man who died in her arms...Dan and his casino. She needed a break. If even just a little one. And then an idea popped into her head. "Hey-" She suddenly said, "Uh..." she bit her lip suddenly, holding back the words. *No. That's not a good idea. No, no, no.* Lyla raised an eyebrow at her, "What?" she said, starting to smile a little bit. A genuine smile. That made Cisila blurt it out, finally. "D- D'you- d'you want to-" She gritted her teeth, before saying, "...d'you want to hang out after work?" No, no, no, no, no, she desperately did not want to. Cisila couldn't bear it. Why did she even say that? Lyla's smile grew a bit more, "You serious?" Her eyes seemed to light up. Cisila swallowed, and nodded. "Yeah...I- yeah." Of course she was serious. There was no reason to be worried, especially with how happy Lyla looked. Her smile seemed to warm Cisila's heart. "Yeah!" She said, a bit more excited. "Of course!" Lyla nodded, "Alright! Come find me when your shift ends, uh..." She scratched her head, "wh- what do you want to do, though?" Cisila thought for a moment. "Uhm..." She started, mumbling, "...uhhh- would you be okay with coming over to my house? I- uh, I...I can cook dinner." She felt her face contort into worry. She had *not* bought even stuff to make a dinner worthy of Lyla's attention. "You for real?" Lyla asked, "Holy hell, nobody's...*ever* cooked dinner for me before." *Huh?* Cisila felt that that was a bit odd, but she ignored it. "Yeah," Cisila said, "I can cook for you. I just...er...I don't have a lot." Lyla snorted, "That's alright. I could eat anything- 'specially if you're the one making it." Cisila blushed a little. Lyla didn't even know Cisila could cook until now, so why was she being so flattering? "God...okay- okay. I'll go check the stock of books...uh..." Cisila mumbled, getting up. Now, she just had to wait.

Several hours later, when her shift finally ended, Cisila went and found Lyla at the counter. She was scanning a couple books for a customer, and just silently nodded at Lyla. Her black hair, with thick strands of brown and blonde running through it, looked *really* nice, now that Cisila thought about it. Walking past her, Lyla finished scanning the books, and the customer paid. She bid them a nice day, before turning to Cisila, "Hey." she said. Looking back, Cisila smiled and nodded. "Are we going?" She asked. Lyla nodded, "Let's get outta here." and the two walked back into the break room and grabbed their stuff. Cisila slung her satchel over her shoulder and Lyla picked up her bag. They nodded at each other, and left the bookstore. 

Nervously, Cisila opened the door to her apartment. On the way back, she'd realized that she hadn't cleaned it properly, and she was nervous that Lyla would have a problem with that, but, as the two stepped into her apartment, Lyla just giggled. "Kind of a mess in here." She said. Cisila nervously blurted out, "Didn't...didn't expect- visitors." she was all sorts of stuttery and couldn't stop herself from shaking. Putting her satchel on the coat hangar, Cisila nervously sat down on the couch and locked her fingers together. She was desperately trying to calm herself down, but *nothing would work.* Lyla slowly sat down next to her, and watched Cisila quietly. It seemed like she wanted to say something- as if she'd already realized how much Cisila was freaking out. "Cisila?" She asked, quietly. Cisila breathed in slowly, feeling her heart rate. It was going too fast. She was *way* too scared. Cisila breathed out just as slowly as she breathed in, but couldn't stop herself from quivering. She didn't respond to Lyla. "Cisila..." Lyla repeated. "I- I can leave, y'know. I didn't mean to make you nervous." Cisila shook her head silently, her lips shut tight. It didn't feel like she could speak. But she didn't *want* Lyla to leave. Something in her body was telling her to freak out, but she wasn't sure why. She wanted to hang out with Lyla. Cisila *desperately* wanted to. "...You sure?" Lyla mumbled, "You look...a little pale, y'know." Gently, Lyla put a hand on Cisila's shoulder. Cisila felt her heart flutter, and, in embarrassment, she shoved her face into her hands. It felt bad. Horrible, even, to be like this in front of Lyla. Most of the lights in the apartment were off, so the two were mostly in shadows and darkness. Even then, when Lyla couldn't see Cisila properly, she still felt as though she'd already failed, even though nothing had happened. Not even five minutes and she already felt like a nervous wreck- and even worse, it felt like *tears* were welling up in her eyes. "Hey." Lyla said, her voice piercing the awkward silence. "...Cisila." Cisila flinched. She'd almost forgotten Lyla was there for a moment. She felt her heart plummet. Lyla held onto Cisila's shoulder with a tight grip, "...I'm sorry. I- I know what you're feeling." Her voice was much more quiet and sincere than usual- she'd never seen Cisila like this before. Usually, Cisila was able to contain herself, but under the immense weight of the stress and the lies her mind was screaming at her, she broke. Breathing in through her nose, she finally spoke. "It's- it's-" She swallowed. "I'm just- I-" Her voice was breaking. "...It's just- *hard.*" She finally sputtered, speaking into her hands. Her voice was muffled. "I've had this- this problem ever...ever since my mom died."

Lyla didn't respond, but her grip on Cisila's shoulder tightened a bit. "...I never see you talking to any of your coworkers, y'know." She finally said, after a brief silence. "I assumed it was because you didn't like them or something, but-" Uh oh. Here it comes. Cisila buried her face deeper into her hands. "- but it seems like you just struggle with that kind of thing." Lyla said, and Cisila shuddered. "That's fine. That's okay." She said. "I seriously didn't mean to freak you out..." Everything she said felt so *sincere.* "Here- uh, you know what...?" Cisila made a muffled noise, as if to ask 'what?', and she shifted a little. "You don't have to do anything. You don't have to cook, or anything...I- I genuinely just wanted to hang out with you." Lyla mumbled that last part a little quieter. Almost as if *she* was embarrassed aswell. Paying so much attention to Lyla made Cisila feel calmer- not just the things she was saying, but her presence in general. Slowly, Cisila pulled her face out of her hands. She looked up at Lyla. Silently, she nodded. Cisila felt her nose beginning to get blocked, and she sniffed. "Yeah," She mumbled, "yeah- okay. Yeah." Cisila was desperately trying to keep herself together. Her voice was still broken, and she spoke quietly. Rubbing her nose, she looked at Lyla. She smiled at Cisila. "I'm so- so sorry..." Cisila mumbled, swallowing. "Been a while since...I..." Lyla nodded, and let go of her shoulder. "You sure you're gonna be alright? If you need to, uh..." Lyla's lip twitched as she tried to find the words, "...If you need to like- let anything out, I- I can go." Cisila shook her head. "No..." She breathed out. "I think I...*do* need to, but I just..." She put her face into her hands again and rubbed them against her face. Cisila didn't *want* to admit it, but she had to. "...I really need someone with me." She mumbled. "You're the first person to actually...pay attention to me, ever since- ever since Mom died. I..." She relented, and pulled her face out of her hands once more. Staring into Lyla's eyes, she swallowed. "Can I-" She gestured, as if to suggest she'd like to lean into Lyla. Lyla's eyes went a little wide, and she opened her mouth. Nothing came out. A look of shock was etched into her face, but it quickly turned back to sincerity. "I- yeah. Yeah. Yes." Lyla sputtered. "You can- yeah. I'd...I'd love to." Cisila felt her lip twitch, and slowly leaned into Lyla. Gently, Lyla put an arm around her. Cisila felt her heart jump, and suddenly, it was like a switch flipped. "Thanks...I- thank you." She sputtered weakly. Cisila finally relented, and started to cry. Lyla had *no* idea how much this meant.

Time passed. Cisila wasn't sure how much time was passing, but however much it might have been, she didn't care. She cried even harder, feeling the immense weight of all her stress press down on her. It was like years worth of built up stress was flowing out of her eyes as tears. Cisila had never had time to think, to slow down and let herself breathe. But Lyla *let* her. And Lyla seemed to understand Cisila's problem. The overwhelming stress of *everything* seemed to compress down on Lyla aswell, but what it was for her, Cisila didn't know. Cisila didn't *care.* She clung onto Lyla, and slowly felt herself calm down. The tears begin to slow down, and she sniffled. They were both in silence, and all Cisila could hear was Lyla's breathing. It was a little shaky. Lyla slowly set her left hand down on the side of the couch, putting something down. *Probably her phone...* Cisila thought to herself. She hiccuped a little, and sat up. Swallowing, she rubbed her eyes. "S-Sorry about that." She mumbled. "Thanks for-" What would she even say? 'Thanks for letting me sob into your shoulder'? She sat there with her mouth open. Lyla nodded, "No worries. No. Seriously." and she hugged Cisila properly. "...I think *I* needed that." Lyla awkwardly giggled. Cisila sniffled again, "...Yeah. Yes. Thank you." and she pulled herself out of Lyla's arms. Getting up, she stretched, "...Ooh, yikes..." she muttered, feeling her spine crackle. She rubbed her nose, and turned towards Lyla, "Look, uh..." Cisila began to say, "...I can...put something on. To watch." Awkwardly checking her watch, "...s'kinda late, though..." Cisila mumbled. Lyla shook her head. "No biggie. It's Saturday tomorrow, isn't it? We're closed. I can stay." She said happily. Cisila blinked. *Stay?* Lyla wanted to *STAY?* Cisila suddenly jerked her head into a nod, "YES!" She yelped. "Absolutely! Okay, yeah...yeah!" Cisila already felt much happier. But having Lyla stay? That made her feel the most happy she'd felt in *ages.* Ever since the first day she'd talked to Lyla, two years ago, she hadn't been able to reach that level of happiness. But now she'd surpassed it. *Far* surpassed it. And that was enough for her.

# 8
# TRIP & FALL
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:07PM, CST
### SEPTEMBER 31ST, 2033
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 24

Cisila made Lyla breakfast the following morning. And for the first few hours of the day, all they did was talk. And talk. And then Cisila remembered something...something she was running out of time to do. *The police.* Her mind echoed, as she was washing the dishes after their lunch. *There's no better time.* She was feeling much better than she'd ever felt lately, and in the very back of her head, Cisila believed she was ready. Lyla pulled her shoes on and went to the door, and looked back. "Catch you later, alright?" She said. Cisila looked at her, smiled, and nodded. "See you." She replied. Lyla walked out the door, leaving Cisila alone. As soon as she left, Cisila picked up her phone. *Kasey. I've got to tell her...* So she called Kasey, and held the phone up to her ear. "Kasey?" She said. "Yeah, what's up?" Kasey answered. "Sorry for the delay, but I'm going to look into the police headquarters today. I was gonna ask...where's the best place to look first? For anything relating to the murders." Kasey took a moment to respond. "Eh..." She mumbled, "Forensics, maybe. Their evidence locker for the guy must be stuffed aswell. I bet they're withholding stuff from their detectives - I've heard a couple buddies complaining about it. They know something we don't. And they're not gonna just have it out in the open." *Makes sense.* Cisila thought. *They might not even have it in the evidence locker.* "I'll...have to scour it from top to bottom. I'll look in forensics for anything related to the victims. I'll go to the evidence lockers." She looked out of her window. Kasey snickered over the phone, "Let's hope you don't die. Good luck." She said. Cisila nodded, "Yeah. Thanks. I'll call back when I get what we need, alright?" Cisila said. "Yeah. Talk to you later, I've got some jobs to do myself. Have fun." And then, she hung up. Cisila put her phone into her pocket, and headed into her room. Crouching down and pulling the loose floorboard up, she retrieved her metal mask. *Gonna need you.* It had been a couple of days since she'd bothered to use it, but now, with the advent of the police raid above her head, she'd need to hide her face. Opening her closet after getting up, she pulled out a jacket, and put it on. Zipping it up, she pulled out a pair of old combat boots from the bottom of her closet and pulled them on. Lastly, she found an old pair of fingerless gloves - the only pair she had - and pulled those over her hands aswell, after pulling off her leather hand wrap on her right hand. The deep scar that sprawled across her palm and the back of her hand was visible for a brief moment as she pulled the glove on.

Lifting her mask up to her face, she inhaled. *Alright. You got this.* And she slid the mask onto her face, and it fastened to her with a soft *click.* Rolling her shoulders back, she felt the EXO inside of her jitter with excitement. It was *finally* going to get to do something, after days of not being used. Cisila went to the window of her bedroom, yanked it open, and climbed out. The colder fall air hit her almost immediately, as she pulled the window shut and climbed up onto the top of her apartment building. The sky was mostly clear, with clouds lazily floating above. The sounds of cars rumbling along on the streets below and the chatter of hundreds of people on the streets filled her ears. Most of the tall buildings around the city shone brightly in the sun, but one stood out. One taller than the rest. Akin to the blade of a massive sword, the PALMER-EDEN skyscraper towered over everything. It shone the brightest, reflected the most sun. She turned away from it. *Not my problem right now. I've got to do this. Then I can get back to you...* Cisila broke into a sprint, letting her parkour flow for the first time in a couple of days. It wasn't very efficient, nor was it elegant, but it got the job done. Sliding under and jumping over any obstacles in her way, Cisila headed towards the police station, keeping to the roofs of the buildings. Sometimes, she'd run straight into a taller building, and had to climb up swiftly. Every minute wasted made it feel like her confidence was sliding away. But she knew she was doing it, no matter what. Being able to open up to Lyla, even if a little bit...gave her enough confidence to jump over the moon. Surely this wasn't dissimilar. 

Leaping down onto a lower building, Cisila dove into a roll, and slid to a stop. The next building over was the police headquarters - a large building, that used to be a mall. It had been demolished and replaced when crime had started to rise again, a few years back. Or so she'd heard. In any case, the building looked extremely out of place, made mostly of glass and white panels. The obvious place to enter from, to Cisila, was the roof. So, walking up to the edge of the building, Cisila flung her arm out and fired her EXO's grapple, from her left arm. The end of the hook fastened onto the ledge of the police headquarters, and Cisila felt it give a sudden tug. She was whisked up to the ledge, which she grabbed onto. Swiftly pulling herself up, she looked around. *Nobody's here...* Only a large helicopter was sitting on the roof, which acted as a helipad. Quietly, she ran up to the roof access. Trying the door handle, she felt that it was locked. *Shit.* Cisila thought. She jostled the handle, trying to get it to open. *Come on...* It wouldn't budge. The handle rattled, and it felt as though it was making fun of her. Cisila couldn't pick locks, so there was only one thing she could do. *Property damage.* She thought, sighing. If she was caught, she'd have to pay for it. But that was probably going to be the least of her worries. Instead of jostling the handle any more, she stepped back, and slammed her shoulder into the door. The EXO increased her strength, briefly, and she felt the lock break. She slammed into the door again, and it flew open. *There we go.* The EXO's metal exoskeleton, the one that usually protected her, was focused on her right arm and shoulder. Where damage was most likely to occur...but she realized that wasting it like this wasn't going to be good for her. She let the EXO click and fold away into her body, saving its defense capabilities for later. Quietly, she ran down the access stairs. 

The maintenance stairway, where the roof access led, had doors to every level. Carefully, she looked at the labels for each. One of the higher levels she found was labelled *Forensics & Evidence*. Both on the same floor made her job a lot easier - but it was still going to be hard. Peering through the glass of the door, she could see that the maintenance access led straight into the evidence lockers. They lined the walls, while tables filled with papers and pieces of evidence were strewn about the room haphazardly. The room, in general, was a mess. The visible walls were painted a dull grey, and the floor was carpet. Nobody was inside...not right now, at least. If she was going to steal anything, it had to be *now.* She grabbed hold of the door's handle, and pushed it open. It creaked loudly, and she cringed under her mask. Cisila closed the door behind her and got lower, trying to make sure she wasn't seen. Desperately, she began to look at the labels on every single locker. Most were random cases she couldn't care less about. Labels with random criminals' names, some names of officers, indicating it was their evidence, and even unknown cases - like her own. She quietly opened the locker labelled "V - Unknown", and saw nothing inside it aside from pictures. Pictures taken of her from every news report the police could find. There was no way they'd find her from those. And there was no way they'd discover what she did, other than either what she was blamed for, or the small amount of videos that existed. *Snap out of it. You're looking for the murderer.* Her mind yelled suddenly, and she shut the locker a tad bit loudly. Hurrying along the lockers, she kept glancing at the names. *No. No. Not you, either...*  And then, she suddenly came across one label that seemed to fit the bill. *Barracuda - Serial Killer, killed Chief Samson* It seemed like the police had a particular interest in this one, because when she opened the locker, it was stuffed. Files, and pictures...pictures that Cisila had seen before. Pictures that he had. *So they call the murderer the Barracuda, huh?* There were photos, identical to the ones Cisila had on her corkboard. News cuttings about the killings were taped to the locker door. As quietly as she could, Cisila pulled out the largest manilla folder in the locker. Opening it slowly, Cisila's eyes immediately went wide under her mask. The first thing in the folder was a note. A note from one of the detectives...it read:

*"For anyone looking at the folder - Chief says to quit investigating it, because the murderer is apparently the Dragons patriarch, and he doesn't want us looking into this further. If anyone disagrees, you go to the Chief. Sorry. - R"*

The murderer...was the patriarch of the Dragons? *Wasn't he killed?* Cisila thought. Then she remembered...the former patriarch - and one of the men who'd killed her mother -  was one of the victims. That means the murderer had killed the old patriarch, then somehow, had become the patriarch himself. This meant he'd be impossible to find. *Except...* Cisila realized. *Dan. He's the Eagles' patriarch.* Dan would be able to get in touch with the patriarch, and possibly arrange a meeting. She could meet the killer face to face. This case was beginning to close, Cisila felt. So she pulled out her phone and quickly took a picture of the folder, before flipping through it. All she needed for Kasey was the note, but she needed to make sure there was nothing else. *Most of this is stuff we already know...but they were withholding the true identity. That's all we need.* So she snapped the folder shut, and shoved it back into the locker. But as soon as she turned around, she heard the click of a gun. An officer had entered the room. "What...the fuck?!" They yelped, pointing their pistol at her. "Hands- hands up!" *Shit.* Cisila thought. The only thing she could do was surrender - a fake surrender, obviously. So she put her hands up in the air and let the officer approach. "Who the fuck are you?! What's with that *fucking* mask?!" They spat. "Are you some kind of criminal? Are you-" They jolted, seeing what locker was open. "Are you the fucking Barracuda?!" Cisila didn't respond. She just watched the officer through the lenses of her mask. "Answer me, you-" They tried to yell, but they were now close enough for Cisila to latch onto them. She wrenched the gun out of their hand and broke their arm in a swift movement, slamming them to the floor. She pulled the gun apart, field stripping it. An old skill her father had taught her. She stomped down on the officer's face as more suddenly entered the room. "Oh, you've got to be fucking kidding-" One of them spat, quickly pulling out a baton. The officers that entered the room didn't seem to have any firearms on them - which made it *slightly* easier for Cisila. She raised her hands in a defensive stance, and spread her legs so she had a good balance. Just the way her father had taught her.

<sup><sub>Note: Cue Assault from LIKE A DRAGON GAIDEN</sub></sup>

She desperately didn't want to do this. Cisila had already broken the first man's arm. These were officers of the law. Going against them meant going against the whole city...but she *needed* that evidence. Things were getting to a point that made her feel like she couldn't abandon the investigation, even if she wanted to. But as the police officers rushed at her, she knew she had to defend herself. These people, while they might be the police, were hiding evidence that would stop a murderer. A murderer who clearly thought they were invincible. She deflected the baton-wielding officers' first attack, punching him in his gut. He stumbled back as Cisila ducked under the second officers' fist, and latched onto his leg. She gripped tightly, grabbed with both hands, and whirled the officer around, hitting the other two in the process. Letting go of the officer, he flew across the room and crashed into one of the tables, sending evidence flying. Using the momentary confusion the two were in, she swiftly beat down the second unarmed officer with a flurry of direct hits, exactly how her father taught her to do. *Swift. Clean. As fast as the fight started, try to end it. Remember that.* Her father's voice echoed through her head. She held onto the officer's head and bashed it against a locker, denting the locker's door and knocking the man out cold. She whipped around just in time to get hit in the face by the baton-wielding officer. The mask took the brunt of the force, but she still felt the pain. Briefly stumbling, the officer tried to hit her again. Cisila ducked under the swing, and it barely missed. In the middle of her dodge, she kicked her leg into the air, slamming her foot into the officer's stomach. Pulling herself back up swiftly, the officer stumbled, and dropped his baton. Cisila took her chance, and spun. Her leg lifted up into the air and she slammed her foot into the side of the man's head. The force of her kick knocked him to the floor, and she stomped down on him, feeling something crack underneath her foot. She didn't have time to look at the damage, but she immediately headed towards the maintenance access, but when she got to the door, she saw officers running up the stairs to the door. *Shit.* She thought, and turned around. *Guess we're leaving the loud way.* Cisila rushed out of the evidence locker room and into the fifth floor hallway. Officers around the hallway immediately saw her as she broke into a sprint towards the main stairs, and began to pull out their weapons. 

Bullets flew past Cisila's head, and instead of trying to continue down the stairs, she headed back up. Cisila had to get back into the maintenance access to get to the roof, and if she had to get through more officers, so be it. Rushing up the stairs, Cisila could hear the footsteps of the officers running after her. Getting up to the next level, which was as bland as the last, Cisila slid to a stop. A group of officers was blocking her way to the maintenance access - which was at the end of this level's hallway, as opposed to in the middle of the evidence lockers room. *This place was built really stupidly.* She realized. *I guess they had to work with what the mall had...* Cisila swiftly raised her hands in a defensive stance, as the officers that were chasing her blocked off her other exit. "That's enough!" One of them yelled, pointing their gun at her. "You're trapped. You've got nowhere to run." The officer stepped forward, keeping their gun trained on her. "Put your hands in the air." The officer, unfortunately, seemed to be correct. Cisila could see no way out of this. Slowly, dejectedly, she raised her hands into the air. "Good." The officer said, as they stepped around to face her. "Now...take the mask off." Cisila stared at the officer, silently. "Take it off." They repeated. Cisila shook her head, and so, the officer forcefully reached for the mask. *Shit!* Her mind screamed, as she felt her stomach plummet. But just as his fingers touched the mask, his eyes rolled back, and he fell to the ground. "What the-" Cisila sputtered, but she had no time to react. The officers in front of her suddenly tumbled like bowling pins, having had been knocked over by someone throwing another officer at them. They were struggling to get up. Slowly, somebody stepped over them, walking towards Cisila. It was Dani. Dani had come to save her. And that was when she realized that the officer who was reaching for her mask must have been tranquilized. Dani jerked their head to indicate the officers behind Cisila, "Take them. I'll get these guys," they gestured behind themselves, indicating the struggling officers, "Then we fucking *run.*" Dani said. They had their own mask on, which covered half of their face. Their eyes were still perfectly visible. Cisila whipped around, raised her hands, and felt her confidence come back. Now she had help. She could get out of here alive.

<sup><sub>Note: Cue Un altro appassionato from LIKE A DRAGON GAIDEN</sub></sup>
