# 1
# Thrill of The Fight!
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 10:32PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 1ST, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23
#### https://open.spotify.com/track/77ZoidsNiXxWGyvlhh7tI6?si=bb29e96ef8c44c02
#### endless fight - Yakuza 5 - SEGA SOUND TEAM

Her entire body had gone numb. She had lost all feeling. Around her, the bright lights flashed and the crowd around her cheered and leered, as she fell back against the high-tension ropes around the ring. Her back pressing into it, Stephanie weakly raised her hand to her lip and wiped blood from it. She was struggling to stand. Her opponent at the other end of the ring cracked their neck from side to side, still full of energy. Stephanie herself was covered in bruises and cuts, and her gloves were starting to fall apart. Her tanktop was drenched in sweat, that of which also rolled down her forehead as she pulled herself back up slowly, limping. The fighting ring was flooded in blue, purple and pink lights. Surrounding it, there were sets of bleachers raised above it so the onlookers could see every detail of the fight. As she stood back up properly, shaking her head, Stephanie's hair caught the light. Her bright hot pink hair, the black roots of her hair, and her thin face. Her hair was a mess, and it barely reached her shoulders, where it wrapped around her neck. She had ear piercings and eyeshadow on, but because of the intense situation it was in, the eyeshadow was starting to mix with her sweat and disappear slowly. Stephanie blinked slowly, scrunching her eyes shut before opening them wide. Her opponent was waiting for her to get back into the zone, and she obliged, slowly raising her fists again. Her bare arms were bandaged up from previous injuries, and it looked like she had been fighting all night. Stephanie, by this point, was on her last legs. But this next opponent couldn't stop her, surely. As they stepped towards her, Stephanie went in for a jab at their stomach, but they grabbed onto her arm and bashed her away. Stumbling backwards, Stephanie shook her head and, instead of going in for another punch, whipped around and raised her leg up, kicking her opponent in the face. A powerful *crunch* came from the opponent's face as her foot made contact, and their head whipped to the right. Using her brief opportunity, she went in for a three-step combo. A jab to the stomach, and then an uppercut into the jaw, followed up by a kick to the stomach, sending her opponent skidding away. Grunting, they let out a yell and rushed at Stephanie. *FUCK!* Her mind screamed, and she barely ducked out of the way, instead letting her opponent smash right into the high-tension ropes, which bounced them back. Thinking she had a moment to attack, Stephanie went in for a heavy punch to her opponent's face, but she got caught first as the opponent knocked her arm out of the way and bashed her in the face. Spitting blood out of her mouth, Stephanie returned the punch as hard as she could. It didn't do much, and the two started trading blows. Each hit made Stephanie feel even more numb than before. And it kept getting worse. She stopped feeling everything. Her opponent's fist went straight into her cheek and she felt her arms drop to her sides. 

The crowd's cheering got even louder, before it started to fade away. Everything went fuzzy around her. Stephanie didn't even feel it when she hit the floor, because she had already gone unconscious.

It felt like only a brief moment before she felt someone prodding her cheek. Stephanie felt herself wake back up, and she slowly opened her eyes. *"Ugh...*" She mumbled, raising her head a little to look up at who was above her. Making a 'tch' sound, she let her drop back down, dejected. It was just Maria, her sister. She had been there to watch Stephanie fight again. "Hey..." Stephanie heard Maria say, through her buzzing ears. "Hey. Steph." Maria repeated. She grunted a response and refused to move, shutting her eyes again. It was only now she felt her entire body in pain. Stephanie let out a deep sigh and finally spoke properly. "Maria..." She mumbled, "Can you...not?" \
Stephanie slowly opened her eyes once more and looked up at Maria, and finally noticed that she wasn't lying in the ring. "Not what?" Maria said, pulling Stephanie up from the bench she was lying on, and sitting next to her. They were in one of the back rooms of the fighting club, and the lights were a bright, painful white, which reflected off of the metal sinks bolted to the walls. Stephanie had no idea who actually *used* those sinks, but there were a lot of them in the back rooms. She frowned and looked at Maria, "I mean..." Stephanie muttered, "quit *following* me here. I don't know what you're trying to do." She wiped her lip again, before Maria handed her a towel. Taking it, she dried her face. "You always end up like that." Maria stated, "Mom always gets worried. Tries to call you, only for you to end up in the hospital in the morning without a word." She pushed her black hair out of her eyes and sighed, adjusting her sunglasses- which, for some reason, she was wearing indoors. But Stephanie tended to do that aswell, so she couldn't judge. Maria was wearing her black jacket aswell as her favourite pair of worn blue jeans. Stephanie was dressed in her fighting ring getup: Her grey tanktop, and a pair of black cargo pants, and a worn pair of runners. "I don't care what Mom thinks." Steph said, lowering the towel. "She doesn't even like me." She sighed, "so why does she care so fucking much about my safety?" \
Maria stared at her for a moment, blinking behind her sunglasses. "Uh- er..." She mumbled, "I dunno." Stephanie rolled her eyes and slowly got up. She slowly limped over to the lockers on the other side of the room, and pulled her own one opening after fumbling with the lock. Slowly, she changed into her usual outfit. A jacket made with a mix of cotton, fabric and leather. The leather was almost like an accent, while the cotton and fabric made up the main part of the jacket. It was quite soft, but firm. Like her hair, the jacket's colours were hot pink and black. It was an equal amount of pink and black, so as to not overdo the colours. She'd had it made for her personally, and as she pulled it on, she slowly buttoned it up. The collar was rather large, and she flipped it up. She changed her cargo pants into a pair of pristine black jeans, and swapped out her runners with hiking boots, coloured grey. "Just go back home, Maria..." Stephanie said, rubbing her eyes. "I'll be back soon." \
Maria took a moment to respond, as she was looking down at her hands. "Huh?" She sputtered, looking up. "S-sorry, yeah...yeah, I'll go. Yeah." Maria mumbled, getting up slowly and heading towards the exit of the back room. Before she pulled open the door, Maria looked back at Stephanie, who was just sliding her sunglasses over her eyes. They were frameless, thin, and had side shields with a sleek and compact weave design, which completely hid her eyes from view. "Steph..." Maria said, adjusting her own glasses. Stephanie didn't respond, and instead pulled her satchel over her shoulder. "Steph." Maria repeated. "...Huh?" Stephanie muttered, looking up at Maria. "Steph- you..." Maria bit her lip uncomfortably, and she fumbled with the door handle, trying to find the right words to say. "Mom doesn't..." she paused again, letting out a deep breath. Maria looked nervous. "Mom doesn't...want you home today." She finally said, after a couple seconds of awkward silence. \
"W- what?" Stephanie asked, raising an eyebrow. "Why not?" Maria silently stared at her for a moment, before shaking her head. "She didn't tell me why. She just...she just told me..." she mumbled, trailing off. Stephanie felt her emotions fade away for a moment, as she was left confused. "What- I..." She stuttered, "I don't-...why?" Stephanie asked again, her eyes wide behind her sunglasses. Maria ignored her, and instead pulled the door open, and stepped out. She left Stephanie standing in the empty backroom, staring at the door. 

There wasn't much Stephanie felt anymore, but it was like a switch had flipped in her head. She knew exactly why her mother didn't want her home. And that meant she'd finally made up her mind. Sighing deeply, Stephanie turned away from the main exit and headed towards the other door on the opposite end of the room. Opening it with a key and stepping through into the main club, she fought to keep her tears back. *Deep breaths.* She thought. *Deep. Breaths.* \
Her mother no longer considered her her family. And that also meant she was no longer a girl to her mother, either. Stephanie knew that her mother wouldn't want to be near her after she'd finally come out, but she just couldn't understand why her mother still thought she was a boy. It had been years of work, and she felt confident in herself. She pushed her thoughts away as she made her way along the empty club floor. The entire club was a conglomerate of all sorts, she remembered, trying to take her mind off of things. The fighting ring she'd fight in was only a side part to the main nightclub, which had a bar attached. It was called *La Lune Brillante*, or *The Bright Moon* in English. It was where she spent most of her time. Walking across the empty club floor, she looked upwards at the DJ booth and the second floor. Stephanie had never been up there...maybe, next time she came, she'd check it out. Not like she'd have much better to do...shaking her head, she walked over to the entrance and pushed the two old doors open, stepping out into the abandoned subway tunnel that the club had been built in. There was graffiti and makeshift lights set up to make the tunnel more welcoming, but it still gave Stephanie the creeps. The subway tunnel had been closed for decades, ever since 2003. She knew it was related to a horrible accident one of the subway trains had found itself in, and one of the exits was blocked completely, a building collapsed over it. The local city council had elected to completely rebuild the subway system's underground tunnels, while favouring the L Train system to keep traffic under control. Heading down the tunnel, Stephanie found a ladder to climb up that she knew ended up in an empty street that nobody went to. She gripped onto the ladder, and began to pull herself upwards. Each step she took up the ladder made an echoing *clang,* bouncing off the tunnel walls. After a brief climb, Stephanie pushed the manhole cover out of the way and pulled herself up onto an empty street, where the only lights were street lights, that of which flickered on and off. Their bulbs had been replaced by the club staff, so instead of a warm orange, the street lights shone purple down on the street. Pulling her phone out of her jacket's pocket, Stephanie looked at her messages, of which she had a few. Her friends were wondering where she was again...and why she hadn't shown up to their party. Uninterested in responding, and too overwhelmed to do anything more, Stephanie put her phone away and headed down an alleyway between two buildings. She could probably sneak back into her room in her mother's house and lock the door, but that would likely only work for one night. And there was *still* the walk home. As she walked through the alleyway, the darkness seemed to swallow her briefly, no lights near enough to send any light into the alleyway. She continued to walk, and walk along the alleyway. When, suddenly...

Something meaty crunched underneath her foot. A bone snapped. "What th-" Stephanie sputtered, stumbling back. She quickly pulled out her phone and turned on its flashlight, and nearly screamed. A man was slumped against the wall, filled with bullet and knife wounds. *A murder...* \
It took her a moment to notice, but when did, she almost threw up. There was a large hole torn out from his chest, where his heart was. *Was.* She thought. *It...doesn't look like it's there anymore.* She kneeled down next to the man slowly and tried to see if he had any belongings still on him. Stephanie wasn't one to help too often, but it felt warranted that she at least tried to find out who the man was. Nobody else had found him, including the police, which meant that she would be a sole witness. But what she didn't consider as she stood up, was that she could be a suspect aswell. Something she missed was that being found next to a body was very damning.

And as she turned away from the body, she noticed a figure step into the alleyway. Stephanie froze, her phone flashlight pointed at the ground. It looked like another woman. And she seemed to notice Stephanie, who was still frozen. The woman slowly reached their arm into their harness, and pulled out a bulky, silver revolver. Stephanie couldn't see their face, but she could see the colour of their clothes. Purple. Slowly, the woman approached Stephanie, holding the revolver up, aiming it at Stephanie's forehead. "Don't move." The mystery woman said, her boots thumping along the ground. "Hands up, aswell." She added. Stephanie did as she was told, and raised her hands, her flashlight pointing up into the sky. The mystery woman pulled out her own flashlight, and shone it at Stephanie. She flinched, despite having aviators on. And that was when she finally got a look at the woman's face. A plume of brown hair covered the right side (Stephanie's left) of the girl's face, and a pair of sharp scars tore their way up her jaw to her cheek. Her only visible eye was coloured like wine. And she couldn't help but think...she was *really* pretty... \
"Please tell me you're not the one who just did that." The girl said, indicating the corpse. "Uh-" Stephanie sputtered, reeling herself back into the moment. "No. I didn't. I don't have a gun. Or- or a weapon, of any kind." She said. The woman took a step closer, and Stephanie flinched again. "I swear!" She sputtered, "My name's Stephanie! Stephanie Layton! I'm 23!" The woman smiled, "Yeah, yeah. Alright. Well..." She cocked her head to the side, "You haven't shot me yet. Could you...at least empty out your pockets? And that satchel?" She asked. Stephanie nodded slowly, and did as she was told. She opened up her satchel and went through every bit of space in there, showing the woman. And then she emptied her pockets. "...Okay. Thanks." The woman said, lowering the revolver. She twirled it around and slid it back into its holster on her harness. "Sorry about that. I'm Cisila Siveta. A detective."

There was only one thing rattling around in Stephanie's mind now.

*She's so pretty. And her voice is so beautiful.* \
Stephanie had to shake her head to pull herself back into the conversation, but she was ready to tell this detective whatever she needed.

-

Walking into Siveta's office, Stephanie slowly sat down on a squishy couch, which sat in front of Siveta's desk. Siveta herself sat down and leaned back in her chair, stretching. She grumbled, before leaning forward, and placing her face into her hands. "Okay..." She muttered through her hands. "So, you found that body there. Like that. And you stepped on the guy's hand?" Stephanie nodded, before remembering Cisila wasn't looking at her. "Er- yes." She said. "Right...okay," Cisila mumbled, pulling her face out of her hands. She pulled the man's ID out of her pocket and held it up. "It was just...some guy." She said. "But his heart was missing." She examined the ID carefully, turning it over. "I was hired to follow a case, and it seems like this guy was the next victim. The killing is always identical, with a person's heart ripped out. But there's something different about it." Stephanie pulled her sunglasses off and raised an eyebrow. "How?" She asked. "There were no bullet wounds or knife wounds on the previous killings." Cisila said. She bit her lip in confusion and put the card down, "Oh, by the way..." she said, looking at Stephanie. "What were you doing out there?" She asked. Stephanie's eyes went a little wide, "Uh...I was just heading home. G-Got caught there by you." She felt extremely nervous every time she spoke. "Alright." Cisila sighed, and she pulled out a notebook, picking up a pen. She began to note stuff down. "Can you give me your phone number?" Cisila said, looking at Stephanie over the notebook. "Uh...why?!" Stephanie sputtered. Cisila's brow furrowed and she looked a little annoyed. Sighing, she began to explain. "Each person who's found one of the victims - which is what I've always gone off of - have disappeared shortly thereafter." She said. "No bodies. I don't know if they died or not. If it's okay with you, I'd like to keep in contact, just to make sure you don't disappear." *I'm sure Mom would love for that to happen.* Stephanie thought, frowning. But the prospect of having this really pretty girl continue to talk to her was too good to pass up. "Yes- yes. Uh- of course." Stephanie stuttered, nodding. "Okay." Cisila frowned, putting her notebook down. She picked up her phone, and her brow furrowed more as she looked at it. Her expression briefly switched from her firm blankness to sadness, before she pulled the facade back up. Putting her phone down, Cisila looked back at Stephanie. "Are you...gonna leave?" She asked, eyeing Stephanie. "Um- yeah. Yeah. I'll go." Stephanie said, getting up. She shook her wrists out and walked towards the door. The office was drowning in a warm orange light, and most of the furniture looked old. It didn't look like Cisila was the one who had put everything up...or at least, Stephanie guessed so, from what little she knew about the pretty lady. *Ugh. Quit it.* She thought, trying to push her thoughts out of her head. But she couldn't, and as she got to the door, she looked back, and couldn't help herself. "Hey- um-" Stephanie blurted, "You're really pretty!" \
Cisila stared at her with confusion etched into her face. Her mouth was open a little. She blinked, and didn't say anything. Stephanie just stayed there, frozen. "You're...you're not too bad yourself." Cisila said, looking down at her desk. She looked sad. Stephanie decided to try and probe her. "...Something up?" Stephanie asked. Cisila looked up slowly, "Uh- yeah...a lot...but that's not your problem." She sighed. Stephanie let go of the door handle and turned towards Cisila, "It isn't good to keep your feelings all bottled up, y'know." She said. Cisila looked up at her and frowned again. "I hardly know you. I don't think I should...speak about my relationship problems to someone I met standing next to a corpse." 

"But-" Stephanie tried to say.

"...Out. Please." Cisila said. She sounded tired, and she put her face in her hands again. Stephanie relented, and opened the door.

*I wonder what's wrong.* She thought, stepping out into the hallway. Now all she had to do was sneak back into her room, at home.

-

# 2
# Problem Unsolved
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 11:10PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 1ST, 2035
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26

Cisila pulled her face out of her hands again and picked up her phone. She opened the contacts and quickly found Lyla's number. While she was trying to get everything she could out of that Stephanie girl, Lyla had sent a message: *Sorry to be abrupt, but it looks like I need to leave for a little while. A month, at least. I know I don't like it, but for now, our relationship is on hold.* She had written. Calling Lyla, she held the phone up to the side of her head. "Lyla..." Cisila said, spinning around in her chair to face the shelves behind her. "Yeah- yeah, I'm sorry." Lyla said. "It's really important. I'm really sorry." She sighed, "I haven't been able to do much recently, and it's...well, it's part of why I'm going. I didn't want to keep dragging you on and on, so..." She paused. "Yeah- I...I think we've just gotta...stop. For now." Cisila leaned back in her chair and sighed deeply, fidgeting with a large coin she'd found. "It's- it's fine." Cisila said. "I get it." She didn't really get it. Lyla, for whatever reason, suddenly had so many trips to random places. And this was probably the worst of them. A month of not having Lyla was like a month where Cisila didn't have a purpose in life. "I'm...really going to be alone, though." She admitted. "You'll be alright..." Lyla said. "There's...there's a lot of people to talk to." Lyla sounded extremely tired, barely able to string words together. Cisila didn't want to make her more tired, so she decided to try and end the conversation as soon as she could. "Well, I...I won't *die* without you." Cisila said, "But...I also...I really can't guarantee that I won't..." she sighed. "I think I know what you mean." Lyla said. "Look- if...if you need someone...if you decide you like someone else..." She paused. Cisila fidgeted with the coin more, her fingers tensing up. Her fingers rubbed against the warm metal of the coin. "Lyla..." Cisila mumbled. "What's wrong?" \
Lyla breathed in deeply. "It's- it's nothing. I'm just...it might not take just a month. I could be gone for a lot longer, and I..." she paused again. "I just want you to be happy, so if there's...someone else you're happy with, that's- that's cool." She muttered. "Right..." Cisila said, feeling down. "Thank you." Lyla sighed, and finally finished the conversation. "Look- I love you. But I'm going to be gone for so long, and I..." Cisila raised an eyebrow in confusion, before Lyla suddenly dropped a bomb. "I might not come back." Lyla said. "What?" Cisila said, her expression going from the numb sadness she was feeling to worry. Confusion. "Lyla- what?" She repeated. "Lyla, what the fuck do you mean?! You-" But she was met with the beep of a hang up. She was left sitting in her chair with the phone up to her ear, frozen. *What does she mean?* Her mind echoed. *What could that possibly mean? Is she going to...die? Where even is she to begin with?* Cisila hadn't seen Lyla all week.

Worry sudden overtook her. She put her phone down, and got up from her chair. Lyla hadn't shown up in a week, and that enough had made her worry a little. But now it was bad. Lyla had basically said she could die. This wasn't a normal trip. This wasn't for Lyla's job. It wasn't even for family, or vacation...it was something else altogether. And it was like Lyla was telling her to find someone else so she wouldn't wait for a dead Lyla to return. Why? *Why* was this happening? What had Lyla been up to? She knew that only two years ago, she had been working under threat of blackmail for Cisila's ex-boyfriend, Mikhail. It was Lyla who had given her the scars on her cheek. Lyla had been through so much, and for her to up and disappear was strange. She wouldn't do that...not voluntarily. At least, Cisila *thought* she wouldn't. Surely. But it seemed like Lyla...Lyla was already gone. And she couldn't stop Lyla from leaving. Beginning to pace around the small office, Cisila couldn't push the worry out of her head. *What happened? What happened?* The question bounced around in her head, and she wasn't able to stop it. *Breathe!* She reminded herself, and she began to slow down. *Breathe.* She repeated. *It's fine. There's nothing you can do, which means there's no reason to freak out over it.* Despite this being a terrible fact, it did calm her down. *Okay.* She thought. *You need to turn your head back to the case at hand.* And with that, Cisila slowly sat back down at her desk and began to pour over everything she had already gathered on the crime, looking for details she may have missed. Pulling out pictures of the murder sites, she laid them all out on her desk. Each site was different, and including the one she'd just found, courtesy of the Stephanie girl, there were six. Six different people, murdered. Cisila was unable to find any relation between the murder victims, aside from two. The first one was a vice president of a medical company, and had been visiting Chicago for a press meeting. The murderer had caught him going to his hotel after the press meeting ended, and killed him in the alleyway, stealing his heart. The fourth victim, the only one related, was a scientist from the same medical company. The company, named Sakura Medical, was developing some kind of drug, which the vice president and the scientist had both been connected to, but Cisila was unable to find any other connections. It seemed like the murderer just wanted to inconvenience this drug, which was marketed as a sleep assistant, so Cisila couldn't really see a problem with it. And as far as she was concerned, the rest of the victims had no connections between each other. 

Each site was picked randomly, it seemed, on the night of the murder. In the first victim's case, it had been the alleyway. In the second victim's case, it had been an empty park. Places where there was nobody, at times where the murderer couldn't be seen. It was standard. Cisila had only been able to get to the crime scenes after the police had - aside from the newest victim, whom she had yet to look at the wallet and phone she'd taken - and wasn't able to get any evidence. There was no way for her to go through the victim's phones to find out what they were doing, nor could she look at CCTV footage. All of it had been admitted into police evidence...aside from the two things she'd taken from the newest victim. She set down the wallet and phone of the victim on her desk, and stared at the man's ID card again. *Mason Lard*, it read. He was thirty when he died, judging from his birthdate. She slowly went through the wallet, pulling out a credit card (which she avoided using), coupons, and a card belonging to a company. *Ah.* She thought. *Here we go. Something of use.* Cisila read the name on the card, and made a mental note of it. *Carbine Industries,* it read. She'd take a look at the company later, after she got some sleep. It was futile to try and find a connection between the victims, if there was even any, aside from the two Sakura Medical employees, but Cisila couldn't stop herself. Until she found out for sure that there was no connection, she would keep trying to find one. And the best way to do that, unfortunately, was to go to the police. But her client strongly disagreed with going to the police, and as she had put it, *"If you have to, break in and steal the evidence. They can't know."* she had said. Cisila would have to either go against her client's wishes, or break into the police HQ. For the third time in her life. Coming to this realization, she leaned back in her chair, and sighed. *Though, there is something else I could do.* She thought, but she already knew it wasn't a good idea. *I could wait for another murder. I could be there when it happens.* But *how* would she do such a thing? When? Cisila had no idea if or when another murder would happen, and a detective who sat around waiting for another murder to happen wasn't a very useful detective. *Maybe Kasey would help...* She thought, reaching for her phone. But she stopped. *I don't want to bug her.* She lowered her hand. *Kasey's on vacation, seeing her old friends. I don't want to drag her into this.* Shaking her head, Cisila put her face into her hands once more. *There's got to be something I can do. Surely.* \
But as she thought harder and harder, Cisila realized she really couldn't avoid breaking into the police station. She needed details that only the police had, including the murderer's appearance. The victim's wallets and phones. She *needed* them to continue her investigation, and without them, it would come to a grinding halt. Her client's money wasted. 

*But...there's somewhere else I can go.* She realized. *Somewhere I've never been. Somewhere I know I can get information.*

*Will it really work though?* She thought, frowning. Cisila wasn't even sure she could get into the place, and decided not to worry about it for now. There was ample time, surely. \
Cisila slowly pulled out something from one of her pockets, turning it around in her hands. It resembled an inhaler, but had a more industrial design, aswell as a more bright colour scheme than most commercial inhalers, consisting of black as its main colour, neon yellow-green as a secondary, and meager, desaturated purple. Its logo, and name, *HAZE,* was emblazoned on the main cylinder part of the inhaler-like device, in bright purple. A piece of tape wrapped around the top of the cylinder, reading *Don't die. - T*. Staring at the inhaler made her mind feel heavy. Even heavier, now that the odd disapperance of Lyla and the abrupt, yet temporary, halt of the investigation were weighing down on her. Putting the mouthpiece to her lips, Cisila used her pointer and middle finger to press down on the top of the inhaler, and felt the haze enter her mouth. Out of what looked like miniature pressure valves embedded into the inhaler, the haze flushed out with a quiet *hiss*, briefly being visible before it evaporated. Everything around her warped, turning a deep purple, before doubling up. And then tripling up. Her brain felt like it was floating in space, and briefly, wooziness drowned her, making her feel as though she was going to collapse. Everything around her was a mess, tripled up and coated in bright purple for a brief moment, but to her, it felt like an eternity. Everything had slowed to a crawl from her eyes, while her inner voice and mind's eye faded away. \
It may have been quiet, but there was another voice. A different voice. It whispered something as the purple hue faded away, and her vision returned to normal. She blinked. \
*Whoever took her...whatever they've done,* The voice whispered, *They die. Nobody touches her.* \
She couldn't help but agree, despite how bad the idea made her felt. \
Cisila didn't do that, right? Not to anyone who didn't deserve it. And nobody did...except for the worst of the worst. And if Lyla truly had been taken against her will, by people that had no morality...perhaps they did deserve it. Perhaps, as she wondered in the deepest part of her mind, they deserved to be torn apart.

-

# 3
# I'm Not Sorry
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:12AM, CST
### NOVEMBER 2ND, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

As quietly as she could, Stephanie climbed up the roof of her mother's two story suburban home. Stephanie's room was on the second floor, and she knew her window was unlocked. Tip-toeing across the damp, shingled roof, Stephanie pulled open the window to her room. It slid upwards with a horrible grinding noise, which she tried to keep as quiet as she could. *Fuuuck.* She thought, climbing in slowly. Setting her feet down on the floor as quietly as she could, Stephanie slid her shoes off. The less noise she made, the better. Her mother certainly didn't want to see her...and at this rate, Stephanie wanted to see her even less. Looking around her room, Stephanie lifted her sunglasses up. All she needed was her laptop, water bottle, and a couple of books. And then she would leave. Her job would support her and...she was *pretty* sure a couple of her friends would let her stay with them. But right now...all Stephanie needed to focus on was pretending not to exist. Tip-toeing across her room, she picked up her laptop from her desk. Her room was painted in boyish colours, which she had always disliked. Red walls. Her dad's memorabilia that she had inherited was strewn across the walls. Posters of soccer players, baseball players, and old vintage movies. It was her dad's way of helping her- hiding her true interests from her mother. Her dad always loved her, despite her mother's insistence on not treating her like a human being. He knew her mother was a bad person, and tried to help Stephanie as much as she could. He was part of why she looked like how she felt now. Sliding her laptop slowly into her satchel, she went to pick up her water bottle. It was plastered in stickers, and looking at it, she frowned. It was really her only belonging that showed her true interests, and it was battered. It had been dented, which wasn't there yesterday morning. Sighing and quietly putting it into her satchel, Stephanie pulled her notebooks off of her desk aswell and slid them into her satchel, along with her pencil case. Looking around her room again, she tried to think if she needed anything else. Frowning at the pictures on her bedside table, she decided that, no, she didn't need anything else. There wasn't anything that really belonged to her here that she couldn't buy again if she needed it. There wasn't really anyone she wanted to see before leaving, either. Maria had clearly been manipulated by her mother in order to actually tell Stephanie not to come back. Slowly making her way towards the window again, and about to put her shoes on, Stephanie heard a noise, and her entire body froze involuntarily. It was the click of the door knob moving. Slowly, the door to her room opened with a subtle creak. Light from the outside hallway flooded in, like water filling up a tank. A tank Stephanie would end up drowning in if she stayed too long. She forcefully slid her shoes on, and winced, her heels grinding against the back of the shoes. She reached towards the window, about to climb out, when a voice stopped her. 

"...Did Maria not tell you, or are you *fucking* deaf?" Her mother hissed from the entrance of her room. She sounded angry. Angrier than usual. Stephanie didn't move her head, but she did pull her sunglasses back over her eyes. The light made her eyes water. Her eyes were much, *much* too sensitive. Maria's were, too. "Hey." Her mother said. "*Are* you deaf? I know you can hear me." Stephanie slowly turned her head to look back at her mother's silhouette, shrouded in light. "I was just leaving." Stephanie muttered. "And I *told* you-" Her mother began, "Well, told *Maria-* that you weren't to come the fuck back." Stephanie sighed, and her mother took a step forward. "Don't give me that attitude." She hissed, "I don't know what's fucking gotten into you, but I've had enough." *Stephanie* was the one who had had enough. She let go of the window, and turned to face her mother aggressively. If she was leaving, then whatever she said next wouldn't matter. After years of torment from this woman, she could finally let it out. Stephanie stared into her mother's eyes. Her mother's hair was frazzled, brown, tied into a ponytail. Her face, like Stephanie's, was thin. But she looked gaunt compared to Stephanie. Anger was etched across her mother's face, as it always seemed to be when she looked at Stephanie. As she stared, her mother backpedaled a bit, taking a step back. "Shut the fuck up." Stephanie hissed. "*Shut. The fuck. Up.*" She repeated. Her mother's expression went from anger, to shock. "*What-*" She grunted, "You're not allowed to talk to me like that, you goddamn-" Stephanie cut her off again. She would *not* let her mother insult her again. "I told you to *shut* the *fuck* up, Mom." She began, "I probably shouldn't even call you that. You're just a goddamned piece of shit, and I'm tired of pretending you aren't." She flung her arms out, "It's always 'fuck off' this, 'buy us dinner' that!" Her mother recoiled, taking yet another step back. "What the hell am I to you, even? I don't get it." \
Her mother cocked her head to the side and raised her voice. "You're- you're a goddamn *freak*. That's what you are." She spat, "I don't know what happened to you. I don't know why you felt like you had to be a girl, but I still- I still look at you, and see my boy. My real child. What happened to that? Huh?" Her mother took hold of the conversation and took a step forward. "Why do you feel the need to disrespect me just because I don't think you're a fucking girl? You're dillusional." She started to go on a spiel of why Stephanie was wrong, and why she, her *mother,* was right. Stephanie just watched in shock as she continued to say ridiculous things...things that weren't true. But she couldn't stop her mother. "...And then suddenly, after *all* of that, you come up to me-" Her mother pointed to herself, and raised her voice even louder. "And you tell me YOU THINK YOU'RE A GIRL?!" She shrieked. Stephanie had backed up against the window, and she was shaking. She thought she had the energy to overpower her mother, but the overpowering voice of her mother had proven otherwise. "YOU EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE THAT? YOU EXPECT ME TO BE *OKAY* WITH THAT?" Her mother continued to shriek. "I JUST WANT YOU *OUT.* AND YOU'RE STILL DISOBEYING ME? AFTER ALL THIS FUCKING TIME? AFTER *ALL* I'VE FUCKING PUT UP WITH?" Stephanie felt her heartrate increasing, and her breathing getting faster. Her grip on the window sill was tightening, her knuckles turning white. Her mother finally stopped, her face red. Stephanie stared into her mother's malicious eyes. Blinking, Stephanie realized this was her chance. This was her only chance. "I AM *DONE* PUTTING UP WITH THIS." Her mother shrieked again, "I-" But the next time her mother opened her mouth, Stephanie overtook her. "**I TOLD YOU TO SHUT UP!**" She yelled in her mother's face. Her breathing had gotten heavier. "WHAT THE FUCK IS YOUR PROBLEM?" She began to shake harder as she let go of the window, "WHY IS IT SUCH A BIG DEAL WHEN I CHOOSE A WAY TO LIVE? IT'S NOT *YOUR* LIFE." Her mother stared at her. "You're right." Her mother said. "It's not my life." She cocked her head to the side, "But you're my child. Or are you? I can't fucking tell. The boy I gave birth to has disintegrated, and this pink...this pink and black- *abomination* has appeared in his place." She hissed. Stephanie opened her mouth to say something, but couldn't find the words. "I'm done." Her mother said. "I'm done listening to your excuses. Get out." 

Stephanie's mind had gone numb, like it had in the fighting ring. Her anger clouded her thoughts, and there was only one thing her mind was thinking. *Punch her. Punch her. She deserves it, doesn't she? Punch her.* Her mother continued to stare at her, waiting for Stephanie to walk past her quietly and obediently. But she didn't. Instead, in one swift movement, Stephanie went in for an uppercut. All of her strength went into it, but...her mother stopped it. In a surprising showcase of strength, her mother caught Stephanie's uppercut before her fist slammed into her mother's chin. Making a small squeak from surprise, Stephanie began to struggle. Her mother turned Stephanie around forcefully and shoved her towards the entrance of the door. "*Leave.*" Her mother hissed. Stephanie looked at her mother. "No." Stephanie protested. "I'm not going, no matter how much you tell me to. I'm *done* listening to y-" But she was stopped midsentence by her mother delivering a painful *slap* to her face. Stephanie's glasses flew off her face and clattered against the ground. Her thoughts faded away as she was left in the moment, in shock. Her mother had slapped her. \
As quickly as her mother could muster, she walked around Stephanie and slammed the door shut behind her. Stephanie stood there in silence, her mouth hanging open in disbelief. Slowly, she raised her hand to her cheek, feeling the sting from her mother's slap. It *hurt.* She'd never done that before. But...it was Stephanie's fault. She'd let her anger take over, and she'd almost broke her mother's jaw. In her defense, she couldn't stop herself. How could a parent treat their child like that? What was *so* wrong with Stephanie that her mother hated her very guts? Blinking back tears, Stephanie kneeled down and picked up her sunglasses, and slid them back over her nose. The dark lenses and side shields of the frameless glasses hid her eyes as tears began to well up. Walking over to the window slowly, she grabbed onto the window sill, extremely tightly. *Fuck.* She thought, letting go and punching the sill as hard as she could. It didn't make her feel better as her knuckles dug into the wood of the sill. It made her feel worse. She couldn't stop herself from crying as she climbed out of the window and slammed it shut. There was no reason to stay quiet. There was no reason to *care.* Her mother had loved her all the way up until Stephanie became a girl. And then it was insults, labour, and ignorance. *Why* did her mother have to be like this? Stephanie climbed down the roof and landed in front of the porch. Looking back, she saw her mother looking out from one of the living room windows, silhouetted. Stephanie couldn't see her expression, and her mother couldn't see her own. She sniffed, and cried harder, looking away. 

-

She sat on a bench in the middle of an empty park, scrolling on her phone. It was raining softly, and Stephanie kept having to wipe her screen off. Eventually, she turned her phone off and put it away. She pulled her glasses off and buried her face in her hands. *Fuck.* She thought.

# 4
# Investigation Begins
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 5:20PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 2ND, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

*Stephanie meets back up with Cisila after being attacked by the killer that Cisila has been investigating, and seeing that Stephanie is her only direct connection to this killer, Cisila proposes that they have to work together. Gleefully, Stephanie agrees. Cisila gives Stephanie a more in-depth overview of the case, showing the following: The pictures of the murder sites, the pictures of the victims before death, aswell as what they were doing just before they disappeared- something she doesn't know for all but one of the victims. Cisila explains that she needs the IDs, wallets, and any information on the victims, and all that information is currently in police evidence, which Cisila notes she can't get into, just like was mentioned last time we saw her. When Stephanie asks how Cisila is planning to get that information, Cisila explains that she learned from a friend (Kasey) that there is a club in Chicago. Stephanie raises an eyebrow, before being shocked by the name that comes out of Cisila's mouth. 'La Lune Brillante', the same one Stephanie fights in every other night. Upon hearing that this is where Stephanie had been just before finding the body, Cisila insists that the two go there the following night to find the informant she knows of. Whether or not he will give the information is an entirely different story, and something Stephanie immediately begins to worry about.*

*Swapping to Cisila's perspective as Stephanie takes her leave, we skip to the evening. She leaves the office to go on a walk after having an angry call with her client, where she had to explain that the investigation was on halt until she got her hands on the victims' information, as she needs to be able to make a connection to form some kind of modus operandi. As she rounds the corner into a shadowy park, she spots a figure watching her from a tree, leaning against it. And then, just as suddenly, her phone buzzes. Pulling it out, she sees a message from an unknown number. "Lyla is dead." It reads. It makes her go numb. "We killed her." She looks up at the figure, only for them to pull out their own phone and hold up a picture. Lyla. "We've gotten your attention." They say.* \
*It was hard enough to lose Dani, and she'd already dealt with that badly. But the sudden disappearance of Lyla and this- this punch to the gut- feels even worse. Approaching the figure, she slowly pulls out one of her revolvers, training it on the figure. They are cloaked in shadow, and wearing a hood. They remain frozen. She gets so close that the barrel of the revolver touches the forehead of the figure. Still, they do not move. Cisila almost pulls the trigger when the figure speaks again. "Is it the truth?" They speak, ominously. "If you want to find out, killing me only makes that harder." Slowly, she lowers her revolver, feeling her free hand twitching impulsively. The figure takes a few steps backwards, slowly putting their phone away. "You will see us again. And if you want the truth to what happened, then you do not touch us. You do not try to injure us.* \
*As the figure walks away, Cisila shoves her revolver back into its holster. "Who is 'us'?", she thinks. Why do they think they can dangle Lyla's fate over her? The message of her death is burned into her retinas, despite the fact that the figure seemed to suggest otherwise. Feeling herself go even more numb, Cisila knows that the next time she sees the figure in their distinct outfit, there will be no mercy. She's blinded. The voice in her head, caused by the Haze.* 

*Swapping back to Stephanie, she walks into her friend's house, Talin's, where she is currently staying. Only to find Talin holding a note and looking worried, and as she notices Stephanie, Talin quickly perks up and rushes over to her. She explains that she found this note taped to the front door after Stephanie left, and was wondering if she left it. Looking at the note, Stephanie denies this. She looks up at Talin, and says, after carefully reading it, that it was for Stephanie herself. Heading into her temporary room, she sits down and stares at the note. "The thing you Seek is in the fighting ring. Defeat the Man, and you will defeat the police's desperate attempts at a cover-up." Staring at the oddly written note, she wonders who would still write like this- in cursive. Putting it into her bag for later, Stephanie lies down on the mattress in her room: there is no frame for it. She sighs.* 

# 5
# The Man From Korea
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 11:45PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 3RD, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23 *&* CISILA J. SIVETA, 26

*Stephanie brings Cisila with her into the club, explaining the note she got. Cisila tells Stephanie of what happened to her aswell, revealing Lyla's existence. This somewhat disappoints Stephanie, knowing Cisila already has someone, but she can't help but feel bad. When Cisila says she thinks there may be a connection between this strange man and the note that Stephanie got, Stephanie disagress. It was probably just a coincidence, as the two have two completely different meanings: The note was aware of what Stephanie did in La Lune Brillante, aswell as the fact that she was participating in Cisila's investigation. The figure was purely focused on Cisila, and tormenting her. Slightly irritated, Cisila tells Stephanie they need to meet the informant and get the information from him. Stephanie points out that she knows of a man who deals in information, and always sits in one of the darker corners of the bar. As they head towards the bar, Stephanie can't help but keep staring at Cisila- not because she's pretty. Not this time. But because she seems to look worse than she did yesterday. Dark shadows under and around her eyes. "It's nothing." Cisila mutters. "I'm just tired." But Stephanie doesn't believe her, however she doesn't push the topic. Lyla's disappearance seems to have taken a toll on her, or so Stephanie thinks. They meet with the informant, a man who doesn't look American. He greets them and allows them to sit at his table, and he, rather politely, buys them drinks. Cisila looks at her own when it arrives, frowning. Stephanie gratefully takes it. He introduces himself as La Lune Brillante's informant, the 'Shadow of Shadows'. A man from Korea, he built his life upon information dealing, but he doesn't reveal why or how he ended up here, at La Lune Brillante. Instead, he quickly gets down to business, and explains what he needs from them in order to give Cisila the information she requires. Tonight, a man notorious for brutalizing his opponents is making an appearance in the ring. He is looking to finally be beaten after his streak of winning. The informant says that the man is merciless, but because of the rules of La Luna Brillante, won't kill his opponent. He stares at Stephanie, expectantly.* \
*Cisila looks at Stephanie, frowning. She doesn't think Stephanie has the guts. But Stephanie takes the man up on the offer, and he smiles. "Excellent," He says, reaching out a hand. He gives Stephanie his name. Han Daehyun. He informs her that the fight begins soon, and insists she go get ready. And that she does, and thirty minutes later, she climbs into the ring. Only to be met by...Han, again. He is wearing a jacket with no undershirt, revealing his chest and muscles. His jacket, made of reflective materials with an exquisite pattern, sparkles under the bright lights of the ring. He exudes elegance. Cue THEORY OF BEAUTY, for the fight against the Informant, Han Daehyun, a fight focused on showcasing Stephanie's ability to adapt in situations where she isn't in the know. Having to learn Han's moveset, Stephanie is forced to duck and dodge for the majority of the fight, wearing herself down. Han's uppercuts, jabs, and punches are quick, precise, and calculated. Stephanie overcomes him by taking advantage of a gap in his footwork, knocking him down and stomping on his face. This doesn't stop him, however, and the fight continues as Stephanie gains a standing against Han. Eventually, after taking several devastating hits, Stephanie takes out Han Daehyun.*

*Meanwhile, Cisila sits in the nightclub, watching the large dance floor. She's surprised, if annoyed, by the amount of people at the nightclub. The music is deafening, and the lights flash irritably. Feeling fed up, and unable to push herself out of the surroundings, she uses her Haze, inhaling the purple fumes. Her vision slurrs, everything doubling and then tripling up, warping. Shaking her head, she turns towards the dance floor in her seat, only to see someone standing in the middle of it. The deafening music fades away as her pupils dilate on the man that appeared in the park. He is standing in the middle of the dance floor, staring at her. Silent. Unmoving. Cisila, under the influence of the Haze, and unable to stop herself, slides out of her chair and begins to force her way through the ground. The purple hue of the Haze fades away, except from around her peripheral vision. Her eyes are locked on the cloaked figure, who seems so, so far away. Each step is agonizing, her rage building. They won't keep Lyla from her. They can't. They will tell her where she is. They will tell her what they did to Lyla. She keeps a tight grip on the hilt of her blade, which she has strapped to her belt. Cisila had a feeling she would need it. They won't taunt her like this. They won't get away with anything. Shoving people out of her way with her free arm, she gets close enough to the man to strike. Holding onto the sheathed blade with one hand, and sliding it out its sheathe with the other, she strikes. But the figure was ready. They whip out a knife and deflect Cisila's swing, stabbing her in the stomach, which she deflects just in time- but the figure slips away. And to her surprise, the whole crowd seems to have stopped what they were doing. The purple hue around her peripheral intensifies as she watches the figure step back and melt into the crowd of people...who start to morph. First, it's only a couple people. But then more. Each turn into the hooded figure. Trying to understand what happened, her brain urges her to take another shot of Haze. It will clear her mind. It will strengthen her. Everything becomes clearer to her. Every single person on this dance floor was the 'us' the figure mentioned. They were all around, all this time. Everyone is trying to keep it secret from her, no?* \
*She can't stop herself from stabbing the closest one. The lights flash even harder as the music suddenly floods back in, deep and bass heavy. Everything speeds back up as the dozens of hooded figures fight back against her. But she refuses to give up. No matter how hard they try to fight, each falls to the floor. More and more try to stop her, try to trick her into thinking they're not who they say they are...but they all fall to the floor, their blood coats her blade. She's made up her mind.*

*Meanwhile, Stephanie and Han Daehyun are sitting, back in their normal outfits, where Han congratulates her, and tells her that once they get back to Cisila, he will give them everything he knows- and explains that he too is rather interested in the case, and suggests that he be able to tag along. Stephanie agrees. But just as they get up to head back to Cisila, a deafening scream echoes from the dance floor. They rush to the dance floor...and Stephanie nearly has a heart attack. A cloaked figure is backing away from the dance floor as Cisila slices her way through the innocent people at the club, who are desperately trying to stop her. But her eyes...they seem to be glazed over. Han looks shocked, and quickly looked around. Stephanie rushes forward and tries to stop Cisila, only to get pulled away by Han. "She's not in her own mind." Han hisses, hiding behind the bar counter with her. "I knew it when she first stepped in here. She is using something..." The guards of La Lune Brillante eventually join the fray, but even they can't stop her. The entire dance floor is covered in blood, and by the time Cisila is done, there are bodies strewn around her. And the cloaked figure is gone. Stephanie, against Han's insistence, gets out of the hiding spot and confronts Cisila. Though she doesn't know it, the Haze is fading away from Cisila. She's regained some control...but not enough to stop her from attacking Stephanie. "They killed her." Cisila hisses. "You don't understand- and if you don't understand-" She twirls her blade around, aiming it at Stephanie. "Then you and I are done."* \
*Cue THROUGH for the fight against Cisila, from Stephanie's perspective. This is a normal fight, but pitting the main characters against each other isn't common to see in my writing. As the fight goes on, Stephanie's punches further decrease the Haze in Cisila's systems, and as the fight progresses through the club, they eventually find themselves outside, in the street, drenched by the rain outside. Lit by the pinkish-purple bulbs on the empty street lights, the fight eventually ends, and Cisila collapses. As does Stephanie. As Cisila regains controls of herself, she begins to hyper ventilate. Her vision returns to normal, as she realizes what she actually did. Han rushes outside and yells at the two that they need to leave. Rushing them away, Han takes them to a safehouse that he uses. Neither Han nor Stephanie saw Cisila use Haze, and are unaware of what caused her to go haywire.*

# 6
# Wind Down
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 2:02AM, CST
### NOVEMBER 4TH, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23 *&* CISILA J. SIVETA, 26

*Lying to the both of them, Cisila says she's unsure of what happened to her. She explains it as though she saw the figure, and her mind just switched off. Everything turned into an illusion. Stephanie and Han believe Cisila. Cisila says she's going to close up the case and refund her client- she can't focus on it anymore. But Stephanie disagrees. She argues that more people will die. Without someone to figure it out, the bodies will likely just keep piling up. But Cisila argues back that she still doesn't have what she needs, and turns her aggression on Han, who immediately shuts her down. "I have what you need." He explains. He makes Cisila a cup of tea, which, for the time being, calms her down and saps her of any anger. Laying out all the information Han has, Cisila compiles what she needs. Victim IDs, aside from Mason Lard's, the victim that Stephanie found. Their workplaces. And immediately, Cisila notices a trend. Each had a business card on them, and after pulling out her phone and doing a little bit of research, finds out that half of the victims are scientists and researchers for a pharmaceutical conglomerate. Stephanie does some of her own research, and sees that all traces of the victims' social media and opinions have just disappeared. Cisila thinks this could have been done by the murderer. Han explains that the phones of the victims disappeared, and were likely used for the purpose Cisila describes - the complete wiping of their existence online. Cisila wonders why this has been done...and can't find any answers yet. Stephanie suggests going straight to the pharma company, Equinox Medical, and asking what the researchers and scientists were doing, if anything. But Cisila shakes her head, and does some further research. Discovering papers by some of the scientists, she discovers that they were working on a series of drugs preemptively titled 'LHD-0404'. Perhaps they were murdered for working on this drug, Stephanie thinks. But as she tries to research it aswell, she can't find anything on the LHD-0404 series of drugs, not even what "LHD" means. Which is odd. Cisila tells her to put a stop to it, and they brainstorm reasons as to why there could be a murderer going around killing employees of Equinox Medical. Perhaps the murderer is against whatever the LHD-0404 does, and wiped all trace of it off of the internet. But the only way they could've done this is with direct access to Equinox's servers. They must have missed a couple of websites and news articles, which is what the two found. Han suggests that they look for another connection between the rest of the victims, which are Carbine Industries employees. Agreeing, Cisila and Stephanie turn to that, and repeat the process. They look at what Carbine Industries was doing around the time of the news articles for the LHD-0404, but can't find anything. They seem to be completely disconnected.*

*Cisila wonders if the cloaked figure could somehow be connected to all this. She privately hopes this is the case, as it would give her a valid reason to kill him. To find out why they took Lyla. After being attacked by the murderer themselves, Stephanie can't help but be invested in the investigation. And as she heads home, she feels tired. Collapsing in her bed, she passes out and wakes up the next morning, only to find Talin standing over her. Helping Stephanie up, Talin wants to know why Stephanie disappeared. Pushing her away, Stephanie says she can't explain why. This seems to hurt Talin. When Talin asks about Stephanie's mom, Stephanie snaps back with a bitterness in her voice that Talin has never heard before. Leaving the house, Stephanie leaves Talin in shock.* \
*Cisila has fallen back into bitterness, but doesn't back down from the investigation. Fueled by the vague idea that the figure might be connected, Cisila works feverishly to tie everything together, and to figure out her next step. Her best bet is to try and sneak into the Equinox Medical building in Chicago, and see if they're holding anything related to LHD-0404. Heading out, she ignores a message from Stephanie, explaining ideas she had.* \
*A few hours later, Stephanie's out in the town when she gets a message from Cisila. "Trapped inside Equinox Medical. Hiding. Need help." Stephanie panicks, and immediately calls Han. They quickly formulate a plan after Han criticizes Cisila for immediately going this far. Nonetheless, the two meet up and head for Equinox Medical. Roll back the clock...*

# 7
# Syndicates Return
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 7:04PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 4TH, 2035
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26

*Rolling back the clock to before Cisila calls for help, we see her sneak into the Equinox Medical building. She makes her way through the building, and getting into the underground parking garage, she spots a few researchers talking to what looks like members of the Syndicates. Noting this down, she sneaks into the elevators and gets hire up into the building. We see her search through computers that are on, file cabinets, and anything she can get her hands on, while avoiding anybody still in the building at this time.* \
*Suddenly, it seems like she was somehow spotted. She rushes to find a place to hide, and forces her way through a group of security guards, who open fire on her. Returning the fire using her revolvers, she ducks into a room and locks the door, and then quickly texts Stephanie.* \
*Swapping back to Stephanie, we see Han and her enter the building through the parking garage (via a suggestion by Han) and see the place swarmed with Syndicate members. Thinking (correctly) that the two are intruders, the Syndicate members engage the two. Cue GET THEM from Yakuza 0 for the first long battle from Stephanie's perspective with Han Daehyun by her side. The two fight their way through the Syndicates, but are unable to take all of them down. Their primary goal is to get to Cisila, and as the fight progresses, they get closer and closer to Cisila's location, as Stephanie has used her phone to pinpoint to origin of Cisila's message. Up, and up they go through the Equinox Medical building, fighting through the Syndicate. Han is puzzled by the fact that there are so many in the building- whatever Cisila must have found caused the Syndicate to gun for her- whichever Syndicate it is, which still isn't clear.*

*Finding Cisila, the three reconvene. Cisila quickly gives Stephanie the information that she seems to have found just after we swapped perspectives, and tells Stephanie to run for it with Han. Cisila herself needs a way out, and can't be seen with the evidence. Unable to ask why, Stephanie simply accepts, and leaves with Han, attempting to find a quieter way out than in via another door in the room Cisila was trapped in. Swapping to Cisila's perspective, cue T U S K as she confronts the group of Syndicate members waiting outside the main door. Instead of trying to escape, Cisila beats down the group and demands to see their leader. Taking a hit of Haze, the whole scenario becomes a blur. She knows where to go after being told by one of the members, and eventually finds what she's looking for as the Haze completely takes over. Dan. The Syndicate in question was the Cobras. Unable to think clearly, she latches onto Dan and demands to know what's happening. Her vision turns from warped purple to a burning red, as it intensifies. Her hand twitches. Dan's words fall on deaf ears, but before Cisila can take him out, she's shot in the shoulder. Looking back, she sees the cloaked figure. Her instincts shift to chase after the figure. The red gets even worse. The buzzing in her ears drones on as she chases after the cloaked figure, the same one that took Lyla. The same one that probably killed her. As she sprints through the hallways, she sees that the cloaked figure is about to jump through the window. Her mind dead set on following them, Cisila barely registers that the figure slides to a stop. Cisila flies past them, and as she cranes her head towards them, she sees something that nearly snaps her mind in two. The figure has pulled off their mask. It's Lyla looking at her in complete and total contempt. Cisila crashes straight through the large window, and plummets to the ground, barely saving herself with her EXO's grapple.*

# 8
# Piecing Together
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 9:12PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 4TH, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

*Regrouping at Cisila's office, Stephanie and Han look at what Cisila's found. She had gathered documents that seemed to pinpoint LHD-0404's origin. A Carbine Industries project that involved Equinox Medical. But it still didn't answer their question: what WAS LHD-0404, and why had those specific researchers been killed? Flipping through the rest of what Cisila gathered, they soon see why. One of them used to be a lead researcher on the LHD-0404 project, but was outspoken against it in the company. Stephanie feels her stomach twist as she pieces together that the man could've been killed because he was against it. Then she tries to find the others, and they too were also against LHD-0404. But still, no mention of what it is. All company papers have had the LHD-0404 project in blanked out text, aside from the name 'LHD-0404' and the researchers' opinions. As Cisila enters, wounded, the two quickly patch her up and explain to her what they found. Cisila bats them away, once again refocused on the cloaked figure, which seems to have been Lyla. But it confuses her to no end. She puts her foot down, and tells the two to let the investigation go. She is shutting it down, and refuses to continue it. The cloaked figure to her is much more important, much more worthy of her time. Subconsciously, Cisila pulls out the Haze inhaler and takes a hit. Stephanie watches in horror. So does Han. But the two oblige, and leave. On the way out, they discuss what the inhaler could've been. Han sees it clearly now: Cisila is on something, and it is causing her to see illusions. It must have been what happened at the club. But who gave her such a thing? What drug could DO such a thing?* \
*Stephanie frowns, before a wild idea forms in her head. It seems stupid. Looking at Han, she suggests, "What if that could be LHD-0404?". Han considers this for a moment, before replying, "If so, we need to learn what it does to the body. If it causes major illusions that cause you to kill, then I can see why the researchers were against it." Stephanie frowns, and sees that she's going to have to either steal the inhaler or convince Cisila to let her look at it for a brief moment. If it isn't connected to LHD-0404, so be it. But seeing her new friend in such a low place makes her feel bad- worse than her mother could ever make her feel. Heading home, Stephanie sits on the couch as Talin also arrives. She carries a bag into her room, and Stephanie gets a brief glance at something shoved into one of the pockets. It looked oddly familiar to the inhaler...* \
*Asking Talin later, she seems to panick a little bit. Stephanie calms her down before asking again, promising that she wouldn't tell anyone. Talin resists, saying that it's none of her business, but when Stephanie reveals what she saw in Talin's bag, and that it looked identical to something a friend had, Talin stops. She blinks, confused, before she opens her mouth and begins to explain quietly. It's a drug that she was given to her by the Dragons Syndicate in order to sell. And she does so, under threat of murder. Stephanie's usual calm expression is slowly warped into fear and worry as Talin explains that she sells the inhaler to anyone. Whoever wants it. Whatever stops her from being killed. By the end, Stephanie is horrified, and Talin leans back into the couch. "Not much of a choice..." Talin whispers, feeling herself break. Stephanie quietly asks if Talin knows what the drug really is, but she only responds with, "They call it Haze".*

*Talin, reminded of how she is on the brink of death if she doesn't sell enough of the Haze, slowly breaks down. Stephanie comforts her, unable to see anything wrong with what Talin is doing. She knows Talin is doing what she has to.*

# 9
# Hands On The Wheel
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 8:30PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 6TH, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

*In a brief break from the main plot, Talin (a bit better now) gleefully informs Stephanie of a street race competition that is going on that night. This is where we find out that Stephanie has a passionate interest in old cars, specifically Japanese ones. We see that Stephanie owns an ancient Nissan Skyline R32, and used to use it for long drives and streetracing. In midnight black, it is her prized possession- hundreds of dollars of Stephanie's own money have gone into customizations and upgrades for the car, so much so that the interior now looks and feels a little more modern. The guts of the car are still the original, however, and it still functions on a stick-shift and clutch gear shift. Talin suggests that Stephanie take her R32 to the streetrace, only for Stephanie to say that she can't. She's too focused on the investigation she's doing, and after Cisila backed out of it, she felt obligated to spend all of her time on it. Having being told about this, Talin shakes her head. "A murder's not gonna happen while you're streetracing." She says, insisting Stephanie go and get her R32. But Stephanie resists, saying that it's at her mother's house. Talin, however, simple says they can go and get it.* \
*And so they do. Sneaking back to her mother's house, Stephanie enters the garage and gets into her R32, accompanied by Talin. They slam the doors shut, and the ignition of the old Japanese car fires up, flaring the engine to life with a deep roar. Stephanie feels right at home, and immediately, she forces the car into reverse, her hand expertly pulling the stick-shift into the reverse position (something nobody of her generation has ever or will ever do aside from herself) and rolls it out of the garage, before wheeling it around onto the street, thunking it back into drive, and heading for the street race. Talin, never having been in the R32, is full of excitement. Each gear shift is accompanied by the swift movement of Stephanie's left foot pressing down on the clutch pedal, followed by the stick shift thunking into place. Each gear shift is followed by the distinct, striking sound of the deep, metal hiss of the pressure adjustment from the R32. The engine rumbles deeply, almost purring.* \
*Can you tell I like cars?* 

*Pulling into the abandoned parking lot being used as a hub for the street race, Stephanie and Talin get out and greet the other racers, aswell as the one who informed Talin of the race. Sitting down and having a conversation, the man, named Vance, finds particular interest in the R32, an ancient model by 2035. He's eager to see how well it's going to perform. Stephanie, now back in her driver's mindset, says that it's not all about the car. With a smile, she gets up and heads back to the R32, climbing in as the other drivers do aswell. Vance and Talin get up, and Vance makes a snide comment about Stephanie. "Well, she's lovely, ain't she?" He mutters. "Gives me real 'I'll fuck your mum' vibes." Talin frowns at him, before blatantly asking, "What the fuck are you talking about?". The two watch as the race coordinator sets up 1v1 duels, and as the hours pass by, it's eventually Stephanie's turn, going up against a brand new vehicle from a company special to this universe: Reno Motors. A sleek sports car designed for the 2030s, it features everything one might expect from a futuristic car, while remaining faithful to modern design language. RGB lights, blacked-out windows, and an insane engine. An iconic relic versus the peak of modern engineering. Cue SPEEDY SPEED BOY by Marko Polo.* \
*What follows is the most batshit INITIAL D inspired race, focused on Stephanie's perspective and how she tackles the R32's AWD, its wheels all staying stuck to the ground, as opposed to the Reno Motors Stinger, which the driver uses to drift around corners. Despite this, the R32 and Stinger keep fairly close together throughout the race. Stephanie's thoughts and worries fade away as her hands grip the wheel, her feet and stick-shifting hand work automatically, adjusting for speed and upshifts, for clutch and downshifts. Here, unlike anywhere else, not even the fighting ring, she is truly at home. This is the only place where she can truly be calm, focused, and in the moment. Even in the fighting ring, there's always a thought at the front of her head: Don't die. But here, behind the wheel of her Nissan Skyline R32, nothing can defeat her.* \
*Not even the Reno Motors Stinger can stop her. Whoever is behind the wheel must not be a street racer, because Stephanie quickly loses them on the route. She occasionally sees them in her rear view mirrors, not far behind, but they keep disappearing around corners. The quad tail lights of the R32 must look like a taunt to the driver of the Stinger. The bright headlights of the R32 shine the way forward, winding through the city buildings and out into the quieter parts of the outskirts of Chicago. Above her are the stars and the moon: a clear night.* \
*The R32 rolls to a stop at the finish line, just past the parking lot. The Stinger follows behind, slowly coming to a stop aswell. Getting out of the R32, Stephanie is congratulated by Vance and Talin (especially Talin), and Vance makes another comment. "Didn't think you'd actually do it..." He mutters, crinkling his nose. "Blimey, though, guess it's the driver after all, eh?"* \
*They look over at the Stinger driver, who looks like a professional street racer. Their gender isn't very clear, but nonetheless, they congratulate Stephanie. But something abotu them feels off, and just before they turn away, they make direct eye contact with Stephanie. Their gaze pierces through Stephanie's eyes, and a brief moment turns into an eternity. Do they recognize her? But the thought is rather unceremoniously shoved out of her head as Talin, on impulse, kisses Stephanie. "Woah, okay," Vance sputters, "Do it somewhere else..." Stephanie is shocked, and pulls away, silent. She quickly makes her way back over to the R32, and starts it back up. Talin climbs into the passenger's seat, and the drive home is rather silent. Talin quietly apologizes, but Stephanie remains silent.*

# 10
# Breathing Down My Neck
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 10:01PM, CST
### NOVEMBER 7TH, 2035
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26

*One of Cisila's darkest moments. Desperate to find where the mysterious figure (Lyla?) is, she hunts down groups of the Syndicates, whom she's begun to believe are behind this whole scheme. After all, Lyla was roped into Cisila's life by the Syndicate, was she not? The Haze continues to dilute her memory, poisoning it. As she takes more and more hits, the further she gets down the darker path, the more violent she gets. When nobody can tell her who the mysterious figure is, she kills the gang members blindly. The purple hue of the Haze gets more and more intense as the rain falls harder, puddles form in the dark alleyways of Chicago, as she loses herself. She has nobody left, not right now. This entire section is supposed to be long, gruelling, and a showcase of what happens when a combination of bad things happens to a good person. But just as she drives her blade through the last Syndicate member in her most recent fight...she spots someone down the end of the alleyway. The rain falls even harder.*

*The mysterious figure she's been trying to find desperately. And she already knows who it is. Lyla. Lyla reveals herself, and slowly holds up a gun towards Cisila. The Haze kicks in again, seeing the dread in Cisila's mind. Everything fades out as Cisila swiftly knocks the gun out of Lyla's hand and bashes her away. Lyla immediately engages Cisila in a fight, yelling at her. But Cisila can't hear her. Cisila can't see what Lyla really feels. Once more, she is blinded by the Haze. Cue A STRANGER I REMAIN for the second fight against Lyla in the entire storyline.* \
*Cisila, despite trying to resist, kills Lyla. Chapter ends as the Haze fades away, and Cisila looks at the blood on her hands.* \
*What did she just do?* \
*But then suddenly, Lyla comes out of the remaining fog of the Haze, and Cisila's vision goes pitch black.*

# 11
# Back On The Road
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:01AM, CST
### NOVEMBER 8TH, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

*After rediscovering how pleasant streetracing feels, Stephanie returns to the investigation. Cisila has stopped answering her calls, having found Lyla- though this is unknown to Stephanie, but known to us through the previous chapter. She worries about Cisila briefly, learning that the Haze comes from the Syndicates, but quickly turns her thoughts back over to the investigation and goes over what she has. Each victim was connected to the LHD-0404 project in one way or another. All Equinox employees were murdered for possibly being against LHD-0404, while the Carbine Industries victims' reasons for murder remain unknown. She thinks of how to obtain any information on Carbine Industries, before suddenly remembering...Maria, her sister, works for Carbine. Calling Maria, she explains what's happened. Maria quickly rushes out of her workplace, explaining afterwards that people were listening. Before Maria begins though, she apologizes for what happened with their mother. She explains that she didn't want to be the one to tell Stephanie to stay away, but had no choice in the matter. After Stephanie left that night, her mother took out the remaining anger she had on Maria. Stephanie assures her it's fine, and urges her to explain the Carbine situation. The two victims were higher-ups working on a weapons project, pre-emptively named Haze. Stephanie notes the identical name to the inhaler, and continues to listen. It sounds like a new weapons system focused on quietly dispatching assailants and/or turning them away via illusions, warping vision, and mental shutdowns. Stephanie slides down her chair the more she listens. The more she hears, the more it sounds exactly like the Drug. It becomes a lot clearer all of a sudden: Equinox Medical must have been supplying the drug for the weapons systems.*

*Maria quickly ends the call with a remark that she's been spotted. Stephanie immediately begins to worry, and similar to how Cisila broke into the Equinox Medical building, she heads for the Carbine Industries Chicago outlet, in her R32. Rolling into the parking lot, Stephanie is almost immediately surrounded by what look like Syndicate members, climbing out of white vans as Maria suddenly bursts through the doors of the Carbine Industries building, and immediately recognizes the R32. Sprinting to the car, she leaps in and screams at Stephanie that they need to run. Recognizing that the Syndicate is the Dragons, Stephanie immediately takes reaction. Cue RUNNING IN THE 90'S by Max Coveri for the first car chase/fight scene hybrid in the whole story. This is going to be long, focused on the integrity and understeer of the R32 under pressure while being chased (this will likely make up majority of the chapter and could make this one specifically be incredibly long).* \
*Escaping the Syndicates, Stephanie parks the R32 once they get out of Chicago at a park swathed in darkness. Stephanie and Maria sit down, and discuss what just happened. Maria knows that, despite her best efforts, someone still heard her. Carbine has been tightfisted in allowing people to talk about the weapons systems and LHD-0404, and Maria personally believes that the two companies, Carbine and Equinox Medical, are trying incredibly hard to keep the project from surfacing. It's the most plausible reason as to why Carbine and Equinox employees have been murdered. Chapter closes on Maria realizing that she might be in danger aswell.*

# 12
# Hallucination
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 1:01AM, CST
### NOVEMBER 8TH, 2035
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26

*Cisila wakes up in a chamber, tied to a chair. Surrounding her are cloaked figures, just like Lyla. But they aren't Lyla. She killed Lyla.* \
*But then, as her vision corrects itself, she spots Lyla also tied to a chair. She looks fine, uninjured- despite what just happened. The two stare at each other, confused. But one of the cloaked figures cuts the two free, and the circle of spectators draws back as they watch the two stand up. Looking around even more confused, Cisila runs up to Lyla. The two quickly see what happened. Cisila feels a deep pang of fear as she realized that the Haze lied to her again. It feels alive in her pocket...but she can't let it go. She can't let Lyla know, either. For the time being, all they can do is get out. Whatever the group was trying to do, it clearly doesn't work as Cisila and Lyla go back-to-back, raising their fists. Were they expecting them to fight? Who knows. But their connection is too deep. The Cloaked Cult pull out their weapons, and engage the two. Cue PHYSICAL by Dua Lipa, the only goddamned pop song in the whole saga (For now. Wait until later.) as Lyla and Cisila fight back the figures and escape.*

*Once out, Lyla confronts Cisila about Haze. She's well aware Cisila has it, and explains where it comes from. Given what we learn from Stephanie's perspective, a few details Lyla says are no surprise. The Dragons pedal Haze, and use merchants to sell it (like Talin). And just like Stephanie learned in the previous chapter, Cisila learns from Lyla that Haze is the name of a weapons system Carbine is designing, with bioweapon help from Equinox Medical. She looks down at the Haze inhaler, and puts two and two together. LHD-0404 is Haze.* \ 
*She stares into the Haze logo hastily scribbled on the inhaler, and feels terrified. She needs to warn Stephanie that, somehow, she is a part of the problem. Trying to contact Stephanie, she finds nothing. No response. But Talin knows when Cisila calls her, and says that she is already taking care of it. Cisila can't help but rush afterwards anyways.*


# 13
# Target On Your Back
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 2:35AM, CST
### NOVEMBER 8TH, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

*In an identical situation to what just happened to Cisila (perhaps on purpose?) Stephanie is captured by the murderer, and brought to Equinox Medical. There, she learns something she didn't know previously. Maria was working on LHD-0404, and they meet face-to-face in Equinox Medical, as Stephanie is tied to a chair by the murderer, whose identity is 'revealed'. An androgynous person who is only known as the Crow, after their mask- a plague doctor's mask. Maria calmly explains what's going to happen to Stephanie. She is going to be killed, and so is Cisila. They cannot escape their fate, and even if Stephanie gets out of this, she will be found by the Crow and killed just like the rest of the LHD-0404 project team who disobeyed Maria. Maria seems cold and emotionless.* \
*Unluckily for Maria and the Crow, Talin finds Stephanie. The two break out, backed Chinatown by Bill Kiley from Katana ZERO.*

# 14 
# You Gotta Keep Your Mind Together
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 2:50AM
### NOVEMBER 8TH, 2035
#### STEPHANIE LAYTON, 23

*Talin and Stephanie make it out of the Equinox Medical building, only to discover that it was a bunker. Rushing back up onto the street through a manhole, Stephanie and Talin climb into the Nissan R32, and make an escape. On the way out, Cisila calls them, and tells them to go to a Lighthouse just outside the city, and gives directions. Almost as soon as they leave, they see that they're tailed. Two sleek, modern sports cars from the Syndicate. Two things have to happen in order for them to be able to get to the lighthouse: they need the route. And they need to lose the cars. And to do that, Stephanie makes a turn towards the area outside of the city, a road she knows that is extremely winding. The sports cars easily catch up to the R32, but once they reach the top of the mountain - a place exclusive to this universe - and the downhill drive begins, Stephanie overtakes them. Cue BACK ON THE ROCKS by MEGA NRG MAN for a battle for street superiority. Inspired directly by Initial D First Stage's TAKESHI NAKAZATO v. TAKUMI FUJIWARA fight, this exemplifies the control and power Stephanie has over the R32. "The R badge on the back...can you get close enough to see it?!". Despite the superior hardware of the Syndicate cars and cons of the R32, Stephanie begins to lose them as the drivers lose control of their cars, smashing into the road barriers or crashing straight through them. "Back on the rocks, back on the rocks, baby - you gotta keep your mind together!"*
