# 1
# RISE AND SHINE
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 9:12PM, CST
### April 29TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25

*It's been four and a half months since Mikhail's arrest. I can still feel my knuckles sting. It doesn't feel like I won- even if I did. There's no murderer running loose. It's been quiet ever since. So why does it feel like I did something wrong?* She rubbed the palm of her hand against her knuckles. The skin still felt rough, coarse. She was lying in bed in her apartment, staring up at the ceiling. The lights were off. Around her, the shadows created by the outside street lights, cars, and neon signs stretched across the ceiling and the walls. *Oh wait,* She realized. *It's because I don't really have a purpose now, do I?*

When the police had finally gotten Mikhail, they stepped up their game. Crime had been on a steady slide down ever since December. Cisila would still go out at night, and occasionally she'd find something...but most of the time, it had already been taken care of. It had felt more like a waste of time. *And they see me as a criminal too.* The mask and her poor outfit choices didn't help. But there was something bugging her. Why, only now, had the police decided to actually do their job?

Were they forced to? Was a murderer just too much to ignore? What about the ongoing gang problem? She'd had to deal with that. It was worse, far worse than a spree of murders across a short span of time. It was like a parasite, eating the city from the inside out. But they'd just been *ignoring* it. Then, her eyebrows furrowed. *They've been ignoring everything to do with the gangs. I've been the only one to stop drug trades. Weapon trades-* (the images of the weapons flashed through her head) *- and worst of all, fucking organs.*

She felt bad just thinking about it. How was anyone able to get near human organs and not feel sick? Shaking her head to herself, she shifted away from those thoughts. *So if they've been ignoring the gangs...*  Her mind sorted through all the information she had, *...then, really, there's only a couple outcomes. They're being paid off, or they're in on it. Hell, maybe there's even someone at the top who's directing attention away.* There were too many things that she didn't know to come to any of these conclusions. Sighing to herself (rather loudly), she looked out the half-open window. It was raining rather hard. The rain was pouring down like an avalanche, with a constant, dreary white noise able to be heard. The neon signs glowed through the rain, which diffused the light and made it look even brighter. Even harder to look at. She made a face at the closest neon sign (a jeweler's shop) and rolled onto her side, facing away from the window. She heard her phone buzz on the bedside table and watched it flare to life, blinding her for a moment. Cisila grumbled, and yanked it off the table, holding it to her face. Lyla had sent a message.

She tapped the notification, reading through Lyla's message. Ever since she had broken free from Mikhail, she had started to help Cisila. She was a little enthusiastic, leaving immediately after work to do - whatever - but it *was* nice to have help. And tonight, it looked like she'd found something. *There's a truck heading south,* The message started. That wasn't unusual. Cisila continued to read, *Got a look inside before they closed it up. There's a big fuckall box in there, about the size of a human. Could be bad.* Cisila frowned. Lyla had forgotten to say *who* it was. If it was one of the three gangs, that wasn't cause for alarm. If it was the police, ignore it. But if it was PALMER-EDEN...that one was an emergency. She quickly replied to Lyla's message, asking, *Who was it?*.

Waiting for a response, she stared at the small bubbles indicating that Lyla was typing. Then the message finally popped up. *It's Palmer.* Her eyes went wide. *Oh, fuck,* she thought. *Okay, think.* She jolted up in her bed. It creaked slightly as she did. There were two questions that stood out. *What's in the box? And why are they moving it? There's only one thing that Palmer would have to move that was human sized...someone like me. A superhuman, probably.* She paused. *It could just be some random stuff, though.* Cisila pursed her lips, thinking hard. *On the other hand, why would some random stuff need to be moved AWAY from the company tower?*

She typed out a question to Lyla. *Was it the only thing in the truck?* Tapping send, she continued to debate on whatever else it could be. However, her mind had gotten stuck on the prospect of Palmer continuing the old Project Eden. The one that resulted in her, and a handful of other people, having the abilities that didn't belong to them. Lyla quickly shot a message back, saying, *It was. It wasn't a big truck. More like a van, if I'm being honest.* Okay, that was even worse. *Can you follow it?* She sent. *I need your location, too. I have to see this.* Cisila hopped out of bed without even waiting for a response, yanked open the loose floorboard next to her bed and pulled the mask out of its hiding hole. Another notification popped up. Lyla's location. And then, *Hurry up then.* from Lyla. She shoved her phone into her pocket, pulled her mask on and pulled a jacket off of the floor. Pulling it on, she looked around to make sure she didn't need anything else.

The answer was no. Pieces of metal wound by wire creating a strange exoskeleton slowly wrapped around Cisila's arms, legs, and her shoulders. Wires connected, and the EXO fastened her jacket tight to her arms so it wouldn't make too much noise. On her left arm, a small grapple device clicked together and she could hear the small coil inside whirring the cable around itself. She pulled the hood of her jacket over her hair, double-checked that the mask was fastened, and then vaulted through the window and into the night.

She pulled the window down behind her and locked it, before climbing up the fire escape and onto the rooftops. The rain poured down harder as she leapt across the buildings, following her phone's directions towards Lyla. Bright neon signs flashed by her as she sped past, sliding and vaulting over the messy rooftops. Sprinting at full speed, she leapt off a building, straight over a large intersection. Flinging her left arm out, a strong cable shot out of the grapple device strapped to her arm. It latched onto one of the buildings across the street and she felt herself lurch forward as the cable pulled her towards the building at an alarming rate. She reached out and latched onto the side of the building before the grapple slammed her straight into the side. She flicked her wrist and the cable flew back into the grapple. Shaking her head, she yanked herself onto the roof.

Several minutes later, Cisila finally skidded to a stop on top of a large warehouse with a slanted roof. On the far side, Lyla was crouched overlooking the warehouse. She turned to look back at Cisila when she heard her. "It's in here." She said. Lyla was wearing a rain jacket and had her hood pulled up. She carefully walked along the roof to a skylight, and kneeled next to it. Cisila followed, and knelt right next to her. "Have they done anything weird?" Cisila said, tilting her head towards Lyla. She shook her head, "No. It looks like they're waiting on something." Cisila watched the movements of the employees down below. A few questions swirled around her head, but she couldn't give attention to them. Anxiety bubbled in her stomach as she spotted armed guards. It looked they meant business - all black uniforms, bulletproof vests, and helmets with gas masks. *Why do they need gas masks?* She worried. "Okay, well..." She began to say. "Nothing better than to drop down and take them out."

Lyla nodded. Cisila held up a hand at her, "Don't kill the unarmed ones." She said bluntly. "Or the armed guys, either. Unless you really have to." She desperately did not want to deal with more dead bodies lying around. "Alright then," Lyla sighed. On her right hand, a set of sharp claws extended over her fingers and she yanked open the skylight. The window pane flew around its hinges and hit the other one. It smashed against the other window loud enough so that the PALMER-EDEN employees down below looked up in confusion. Before they knew what was coming, Cisila and Lyla dropped down, one after the other, and landed in the middle of the warehouse. Lyla landed on top of a poor man in a labcoat, who went out cold as soon as his head hit the floor. Cisila herself landed fine, but saw the true amount of guards in the warehouse. Whatever they were trying to do, they were serious about it. Lyla backed up to Cisila, seeing the guards aswell, and the two faced back-to-back as the guards slowly walked towards them. They didn't have guns- they had swords. Cisila's brow furrowed as she got into her battle stance, the EXO constructing a set of steel knuckles to protect the skin underneath them. It wound around her hands as she struck her defensive stance, ready to take the first blow. Lyla didn't bother, and instead pulled out her twin daggers, throwing them into the air and catching them.

"Not any further," one of the guards said, clearly a captain, unsheathing his own blade slowly. Its metallic *shing* as it exited the sheathe seemed to echo throughout the warehouse as all the other guards followed suit. 

"Fucking hell," Lyla complained. "Can't this be a little easier, sometimes?"

Cisila made eye contact (or at least, she assumed) with the captain. They tilted their head at Cisila, "This one's gonna hurt. Nobody trespasses on Palmer property." They spat. Under her mask, Cisila felt her lip twitch. She wasn't going to let Palmer keep another person in captivity. And a bunch of guys with swords and batons weren't going to stop her. Not even a tank would stop her from preventing Palmer ruining another life. For treating people like products. Usually, she wouldn't say a word...but...

"Oh, it's going to hurt." She spat. "Especially when I break your bones."

The captain immediately lunged at her, raising their baton into the air. "GET THEM!"

# 2
# ADAM
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 9:40PM, CST
### April 29TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25
#### https://open.spotify.com/track/5ztlbmHm1lbJ1GoGB5NMPq?si=a984e17182524083
#### Soul of the Ogre - Like a Dragon Gaiden: The Man Who Erased His Name

The captain lifted his blade into the air, and brought it down right on top of Cisila. She ducked around the swing, and elbowed the captain in the face. The EXO molded itself to her elbow and created a sharp point out of metal, smashing the captain's mask apart. The shards flew into his visible eye as Cisila whipped around and drove him to the floor with a powerful roundhouse styled kick. Turning back to look at Lyla, she noticed that Lyla had already taken down two more of the guards. Before she could say anything, however, another one of the guards leaped at her, swinging wildly. Her eyes went wide under her mask and she had to dodge out of the way. As soon as she got around the guard, he whipped around and clocked the back of her shoulder with the baton. She recoiled and elbowed him in the face aswell, only to turn around and fling out her hand towards the mask of the guard. Gripping onto it with immense force, she slammed the guard to the ground and stomped on his face. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted Lyla getting overwhelmed.

Whipping around towards Lyla, she forgot where she was for a moment. The guards were demons to her- and they would stay away from Lyla. She flung her hand out, and as it raised, metal parts materialized in her palm and started clicking and melding together, flipping in and extending. The grip of a pistol formed, and then a barrel sprang out, getting covered by the slide. Finally, in her other hand, a magazine appeared. She slammed the magazine into the pistol's grip, racked the slide, and pulled the trigger. Within the span of two seconds, the guards attacking Lyla fell to the floor, gasping for life. The pistol disappeared from her hand with a series of small clicks and the sound of shifting metal, and she looked at Lyla. Lyla cocked her head to the side, though under her mask, Cisila couldn't tell what she was thinking. "Broke your own rule?" Cisila jerked her head towards the downed guards, "Too many. I *had* to." She wasn't lying, but she didn't like to admit she cared about Lyla *that* much. Lyla snorted, and then immediately looked down. A small beeping sound could be heard. "...Wait." Lyla knelt next to one of the guards and ripped a radio off one of their vests. It was emitting a small, but piercing beep. Cisila slid towards Lyla and knelt next to her. "What could it be for?" Lyla shrugged, and then flicked a switch on the radio. It came to life. "Delta squad...Delta squad, do you read?" *Ah, fuck.* Cisila's mind rang out. "There must be more of them-" She got up and walked towards the van. She ripped open the back doors and peered inside.

A black box the same size as a six-foot human was lying down on the bed of the van. She reached for the handles when the box suddenly shuddered. Cisila froze. It shuddered again- this time with an audible banging noise. *So there IS someone in there.* She hurriedly grabbed the handles of the box and slowly pulled it out of the van. It scraped against the bed and hit the ground at an angle. She tugged further, and then the rest of the box dropped onto the floor. Exhaling, she pulled off her mask. Nobody else was around, and if the person inside was like Cisila, there was no need to hide. "Lyla, can you-" She started, but Lyla immediately pulled out a knife and began carefully prying the box open. "...Pfft...mind reader..." Cisila mumbled. Her own knife appeared in her hand, flipping together, and she helped to pry the box open. Eventually, the top topped up, and the two heaved it off. It thudded against the floor and a man sat up frantically from the inside. "What the-" He looked...confused, almost. He had a set of simple glasses pushed over his nose, and his hair was a confusing mop of tangles that ran down the sides, and back of his head. He was wearing a dark jacket and sweater, with an old pair of jeans. Cisila knelt next to him, "It's good. You're safe now." She said. She was trying to be as nice as she could, but even then...she wasn't sure if this was good enough. His eyes flicked towards Cisila, and immediately...she noticed they were unnatural. A metallic grey and bright yellow set of eyes stared into Cisila's. *He's definitely one of us.* All Ultima, she noted, have some kind of physical abnormality. For herself, it was her right eye. And for this man...both of his eyes. And something strange stuck to the bottom left of his chin, that ran down his neck and disappeared. She squinted at it. It reminded her of the EXO- it had the same, thick metal wires and metal parts. "...Are you alright?" She asked, her brow furrowed with concern. "Yes, I-" He started, but then it seemed like something clicked in his head. "YOU! I need your- your help!" He lunged towards Cisila out of nowhere, who squeaked in shock and leaped away. "Jesus-!" She squawked. "Who the hell even *are* you?!" He realized what he was doing, and stopped moving towards Cisila. Instead, shaking his head wildly, he climbed out of the box, stretching.

"Adam. My name's Adam...sorry." He looked at Cisila nervously. "I- I need your help." Cisila nodded, while Lyla watched. "Y'know," Lyla said. "I think I'll sit this one out. Talk to ya later." She turned away and waved while walking away. "Oh, great...yeah, just leave me with some weirdo." Cisila muttered. She made eye contact with Adam again, "So...help? What kind of help?" She inquired. "Okay- okay..." He started pacing frantically. "I *really* need somewhere to- stay. That Palmer guy..." She held up a hand to stop him, and spoke. "If you're willing...you can..." She thought for a moment, and made a face. "...you can sleep on my couch. But I need you to tell me more, at least. Please." Cisila needed to understand what was happening with Palmer...but Adam shook his head. "I don't remember." Cisila raised an eyebrow. "I only remember one thing." She nodded, listening. Adam fiddled with his fingers for a moment before finally speaking, "...the only thing I can remember is- is your name. And your face. I don't know why."

*Shit. That could be really bad.* Cisila thought. She grabbed Adam's shoulder, "...Maybe I can help you figure out why." She shook his shoulder timidly, and Adam made a face at her. "Can we just- leave, please?" She let go of his shoulder and turned away, "Can you walk?" She asked. "...Yes." He answered, timidly. Her mind raced, *I can't reveal my powers to him, can I? Why does he know who I am?* before she flung her arm back and grabbed his own. "Come on. We're going." She dragged Adam towards the side exit that Lyla had left through. "We need to leave before the rest of those guys show up." Adam quickly caught up with her instead of letting himself be dragged. He yanked his arm out of her grip, "I'm not a child!" He protested. Cisila looked at him with a blank face, "Now's really not the time. *Please?*" She asked. Adam rolled his eyes, "Fine. Just walk." She pushed open the door and stepped back out into the night, with Adam behind her. She pulled out her phone and opened her contacts, tapping on Dan's info. She called him and held her phone up to the side of her face, waiting. He answered, "What do you need now?" in an annoyed voice. "...I found this- guy." She said. "I think he's an Ultima...I'm keeping him at my house. We're heading there now." And she lowered her voice, "...But something about him is off." She started walking out onto the street, "I don't trust him." Dan took a moment to respond, "...Why?" Cisila sighed, "He knew my name and what I looked like. And he says that's all he remembers." 

"...Yeah?" Dan said. "And what's this got to do with me?" She looked back at Adam, who she could tell hadn't heard anything. Turning away, she continued, "I just want you to get someone to keep an eye on my apartment." Dan, she could tell, was in the middle of something. The ruffled noise of clothes moving could be heard over the phone as Dan spoke again, "Right. I'll get on that." He paused, "...Actually, it's a good thing you called. I need your help. So- in exchange for me watching that guy like a hawk, you're gonna come with me." Cisila shoved her free hand into her pocket as she walked down the street, rain falling on her. "Right? What's the problem?" She asked. Dan groaned, "Don't get me started. After you got Mikhail arrested, the Dragons have been in disarray. Their new leader is a *fucking* butcher. Leader of the Ravens organized a summit for tomorrow, and I'm really not trustworthy of that guy. Something bad is gonna happen there, I guarantee it. And if *you* see it first hand-" He paused, exhaling. "- you might be able to stop it before anything happens." Cisila pursed her lips, thinking. And after a moment, she said, "Alright. I don't have anything better to do- what do *you* think is going to happen?" She walked across a street at a brisk pace, making sure Adam was still behind her. He was, and in the rain, he looked like a sad, wet cat. "...Well, seeing as the Dragons aren't very organized or very courteous, they're going to try to do something." *Great.* She thought of the captains of the gang, and frowned. They'd worked under Mikhail, and they'd been a pain. "Alright. Pick me up." Dan sighed, "Yep. Talk to you later." And he hung up. Sliding her phone into her pocket, she looked back to see Adam again. Of course, he was still there. "Almost there." She said, nodding at him. Adam made a grunt, but otherwise said nothing.

A couple hours of walking in the rain later, Cisila entered her apartment. She pulled her jacket off and lifted her satchel onto the coat hanger. She dropped her jacket above it and pulled her shoes off, before sitting down on the couch in exasperation. Adam pulled his shoes off, but decided to just sit on the floor, leaning against the wall. Cisila picked up her phone and had the lights turn on, and the apartment was flooded with light. Under it, Cisila noticed that Adam looked tired...sickly, even. His skin forcefully stretched around his face tightly, and eyebags hid under his eyes. A small patch of hair had grown under Adam's chin, looking like the pitiful start of a goatee. "...So what's your deal?" She said quietly. "Why was Palmer doing...*that* with you?" Adam shrugged. He sighed, "I don't...think you should bother asking me anything. I seriously can't remember anything. *Anything."* Cisila frowned, and leaned back on the couch. "Really? Fuck..." She mumbled. Palmer seemed to have gotten smart- erasing memories? Pretty hard to get people to testify against him when they can't remember anything *about* him or the program. "...Well, look." She said. "I'm not going to be here for most of the day tomorrow, so...*please* don't touch anything." 

She got up, pulled her satchel off of the coat hanger and walked towards the door to her room. "...Right." Adam mumbled. Entering her room and shutting the door behind her, she flicked the lock shut. *Do NOT want him in here.* She pulled the loose floorboard out of its nook, opened her satchel, and put her mask into it slowly. A few files she'd stolen from the police station were also stashed in here, now hidden under the mask. She pushed the floorboard back over the hole and pressed down on it. It smoothly slid back in. Getting up, she threw her satchel onto the ground next to her desk and flopped down onto the desk chair sitting at her desk. She flicked on the solitary light on her desk, and buried her face into her hands. *How long am I going to have to live with him?* She wondered. *Days? Weeks? Maybe I can give him to Dani.* Cisila did NOT want to fathom even thinking of living with this guy for months. *I've got no reason to kick him out, though...* She sighed. *He's in the same spot as me. No family, or help. I've got to do this, right?* She asked, to nobody. She pulled open one of the drawers absentmindedly and pulled out an old notebook. Dropping it on the table, she also pulled out a pencil case. It was a dark purple, with a scale pattern printed over. Opening it, she pulled out a pencil and twirled it around in her fingers.

Opening the notebook, the first thing she saw was how old it was. She'd been making notes in this book for...years. Cisila stared at the first page, and the scribbled on date. *Twenty-twenty. I was eleven. Jesus.* She picked the notebook up and flipped to a blank page, and stared at it. What could she write down today? What had happened? *Oh, a lot happened alright. More than I expected...let me think.* She focused her mind on everything that had happened. Everything she'd felt, even. She wrote down the events of the night, expressed her emotions, why they'd happened, and what might happen next. After twenty or so minutes of writing and re-writing, she set the pencil down. Her back hurt- she'd been leaning forward for too long. She leaned back and stretched, feeling her spine crackle. She turned her chair around to look at the alarm clock sitting on her bedside table. It said *11:45PM.* It had been a while, she realized.

So, there was only one thing she could bring herself to do. And that...was go to sleep.

# 3
# DRAGON OF DRAGONS
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 10:30AM, CST
### April 30TH, 2034
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25
