# DESOLATION
### OUTSKIRTS OF WHITEFISH, MONTANA, U.S.A
### 7:05PM, MST
### APRIL 30TH, 2026
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 18

She was sitting in the living room, alone. Around her, the dim light of the setting sun shone in from the wide windows. Her mother was late, again. All Cisila could do was *wait.* The living room was silent, other than the relentless ticking of an old clock up on the wall. She checked her watch, and noticed the time. *She's really late today...* Cisila thought. She'd never been this late before, had she? Cisila searched through her head, but couldn't find any time where her mother was *this* late from work. It made her worry. And when she started to worry, things got bad. Almost immediately, her head was flooded with strange thoughts. *Did something happen?* Her lip twitched. *Am I sitting here waiting for nothing? Is she dead?* Unreasonable thoughts floated through her mind. She breathed in, and out. *Stop. Nothing's happened to her.* Cisila told herself. *And nothing WILL happen to her.* She shook her head and sighed. The sky outside was turning a deep purple-orange as the sun set. Silently, Cisila got up and walked up to the window facing the front of the house, and peered outside. 

The driveway was empty. Her mother's car usually sat there, when she wasn't at work. But, down the pathway to their house, Cisila saw something. Another car. She squinted at it. It was a black sedan hidden between the trees, seemingly watching the house. *...What the fuck?* she thought. Maybe she was seeing things, but that definitely looked like a car. However, her attention suddenly flicked over to the road. Cisila spotted her mother's car turning onto the pathway and rolling up to the house. *Finally...* she felt herself relax a little. Sitting back down on the couch, she waited for her mother to enter. The soft *thud* of a car door shutting could be heard, and then the door opened. Cisila got up to say hi to her mother, but- as her mother stepped in, she noticed something was wrong. She looked...worried. Cisila opened her mouth to say something, but her mother held a finger up at her and rushed over. "What-" Cisila tried to say, but her mother just shushed her. "Quiet. Please!" Her mother said, sounding desperate. "Just...listen to me for a second. This is going to be a bit much for you, but I-" Cisila shook her head, "No- no, you can tell me." Her stress flared up suddenly and she felt as if something was *terribly* wrong. "Please. Mom." She said.

Her mother sighed, "Okay. Okay. I...I did something, something that PALMER-EDEN didn't like. You wouldn't understand, but it means that...we're not safe. They already got to you, but...they're coming for me, now." Cisila's lip twitched and she glanced out the window, "Uh-" She mumbled, trying to speak, but words failed her. "Cisila." Her mother put her hands on Cisila's shoulders, "We've got to go. We're not safe here. I came to get you." Her mother sounded firm, but Cisila felt that twinge of anxiety strung through her words. Suddenly, her mother opened a drawer and pulled out one of Cisila's father's old guns, and thrust it into Cisila's hands. "I need your help. I know you know how to use a gun...I just...I need you to use it, just in case." Cisila looked at her mom with a confused face, "What-?" but her mother just shushed her again, so she took hold of the pistol. Her hands had already begun to shake a little, and Cisila felt her heartbeat raise. Something wasn't just terribly wrong, *everything* was crumbling apart.

"Okay-" Her mother started, and turned towards the door. "We need-" but before she could finish her sentence, the door burst open. "...Shit-" Her mother spat, and Cisila felt her stress raise even *more.* Three men in strange suits (one white...one black...and one blue) burst through the door and raised pistols at her mother, not saying a word. Her mother stood in front of Cisila, shielding her. "Mom-" Cisila said, trying to get past her, "Let me-" But her mother pushed her back with her elbow, and looked straight at the leader of the three. "I take it you're not here to discuss mortgage, then?" The leader took a look at his two henchman, before staring dead straight into Cisila's mother's eyes. Still, he said nothing. "Answer me." Her mother said, firmly. "Tell me if you-" But before she could finish her sentence, Cisila saw the man in a suit pull the trigger. She *screamed,* and tried to get in front of her mother. Midway through barreling around her mother, Cisila saw something she had never, *ever* wanted to see. Her ears were ringing from not one, not two, but *three* different gunshots. All of them pierced her mother, and when Cisila tried to get around her mother...her mother's blood coated her face, and her mother fell to the ground.

Her head was blank. Cisila was frozen in place, shaking like a complete wreck. The three man stared at her pitifully. In a moment of desperation, she raised the pistol at the three men. Her hand was shaking too much. The pistol rattled quietly in her hand as she tried to pull the trigger. Suddenly, it felt as if though her fingers gave way- and the pistol plummeted to the floor and out of her grip. The men gave her one last look, and walked out. She watched pitifully as they walked down the porch, across the driveway and back towards their car hiding in the trees. Cisila couldn't feel anything. Her breathing was shallow, and she was shuddering. Her head was spinning. Her mother couldn't be dead. That wasn't possible, was it? She forced herself to turn and look at her mother on the floor.

She was clearly dead. A thick puddle of blood seeped out around her mother's body. Cisila sucked in some air, and felt her legs give way. She collapsed next to her mother's corpse, and her pants soaked in some of the blood. The only thought in her head was, *Why?*. An endless amount of questions. *What did she do to deserve this? Why did they do it in front of me?* As she managed to grab hold of her faculties, she thought about going to the police. And then she remembered something Palmer had said to her. The day after they'd finished her procedure, he'd said...*"You can't tell anyone anything. Others have tried. Nobody believes them. So don't waste your time, either."* Cisila knew he'd done this. But she didn't know why. *Why.* She couldn't go to the police. She couldn't tell anybody, really. Nobody would believe her. So she decided on one thing.

Cisila would leave. And she'd never *ever* come back. But she couldn't just leave her mother here...but neither could she make herself move the corpse somewhere else. *But...*  She realized something. Rolling her mother's corpse over, her lip twitched. A bullet had gone straight through her head. The other two had hit her abdomen, and her chest. There was one thing her mother had been waiting to gift to her...the amulet that she was wearing. She'd said there was a pair, and her father used to wear the other. Her mother told her, *"When you leave for college, I'll give you both of them. And if you ever find someone who loves you, you give them the other one."* Cisila breathed in deeply, remembering those words. Slowly, and carefully, she pulled the sapphire amulet off of her mother, pulling the chain over her mother's head, and lifting it up. She held it up to the dim sunlight still shining through. It felt like a lifetime ago when, only yesterday, they'd had a normal day. *Why do things change like this?*

And then she broke. Cisila leaned against the wall and succumbed to her tears.

If Palmer had really done this, then somehow, some way...she was going to find out why. And maybe then, she'd feel better.

-
