##### Thanks to neuronecrosis for letting me use Mason and the crocodile/alligator mounts!
# 1 
# MINDING MY BUSINESS
### EDGE OF NCR TERRITORY, WASTES
### 11:01PM, NCRST (NCR STANDARD TIME)
### AUGUST 23RD, 2287
#### Cisila Siveta, 235

The deserted wastes connected the New California Republic to the rest of pre-war America. Tumbleweeds, sand, and rocks. Old pre-war towns decimated by the nuclear bombs littered the wastes, either left as ghost towns, or turned into Raider settlements. Bonfires crackled from the centre of them, as Raiders piled bodies of settlers onto them. To them, the settlers were nothing more than fuel for the fire. Food for themselves, even. As the sun went down, more bodies were piled onto the bonefires. More bodies were cooked to a crisp. The smoke from the bonfires rose higher, and higher...and from a cliff far above the rotting town, a woman watched. She was wearing an odd outfit: the helmet of a veteran NCR ranger, defaced and with details scratched in - like a kill count - and a brown jacket over the combat gear a veteran would usually wear under a large trench coat. She had a satchel on, with the stitched on Mojave Express logo. The lenses of the NCR helmet softly glowed in the dark, and behind it, her eyes could be seen. Slung over her shoulder was an old hunting rifle with a scope haphazardly attached to it, and on her hip was a pre-war 10mm pistol she had scavenged from the wastes. A strange pistol resembling a revolver, but had no cylinder. Slowly, the woman pulled her helmet off. Her hair was revealed gradually as she lifted the helmet off and strapped it to her satchel. A plume of dark brown hair covered the majority of the right side of her face, hiding hideous burn scars. Her only visible eye was coloured purple, and she looked dead tired. Horrible scars from the claws of a Deathclaw scraped up the left side of her face, in full view. Years of being frozen and unable to move had left her a little worse for wear, and the ensuing stress of the wasteland had soon followed. It felt like Cisila could never get a break. It has been over ten years since she'd gotten out of her vault, Vault 20. She had been frozen, similar to an experiment in another vault (though, she currently isn't aware of this), and since then, she'd gotten herself into plenty of trouble. Travelling through the NCR, the Mojave, and other places like New Reno, and the Capital Wasteland. Over the course of her travels, she had learned a great deal about the legends and myths in the wasteland. The Vault Dweller from Vault 13, a strange man. And the Chosen One, his descendant...who had destroyed the Enclave. The Pip-Boy on her left arm had been salvaged from the remains of Vault 13, which hadn't been used in years. She had found it on the corpse of a Vault Dweller, and while the Pip-Boy 2000 hadn't been used in who knows how long, it still worked perfectly. It had helped her through the NCR, New Reno, and a few years ago...the Mojave Wasteland, and New Vegas. Unintentionally, Cisila had ended up in the middle of a struggle for the power of New Vegas and Hoover Dam.

Crossing her arms, she went over what had happened. At first, she'd decided that the legendary ruler of New Vegas, Robert House, would be the ideal choice. But as the requests got more difficult to empathize with, Cisila changed her mind. When House asked her to kill the Brotherhood, she killed him instead. Cisila wouldn't touch the Mojave Chapter of the Brotherhood. Even if they were still a part of the Brotherhood, they were a light shining in darkness. They understood that they had to stop being closeted, and destroying them meant burying their hopes. Reluctantly, she went to the New California Republic, and helped them. They let the Brotherhood live, and side with them. For the Battle of Hoover Dam, Cisila had gotten all the help she could've. The Great Khans, The Remnants of the Enclave, and the Boomers with their historic B-29. Before the Battle, however, Cisila was tasked with protecting President Kimball of the NCR. However, Cisila knew that he wouldn't leave the Dam alive. She let him die on the pedestal during his speech. The NCR, without its president, won the battle of Hoover Dam. Cisila was gifted the highest award a civilian could get by the NCR. In a week, she'd lost it. It meant nothing to her. Sighing to herself, Cisila looked at her Pip-Boy. The screen flashed on, showing her current stats. Her heartrate was normal. The device couldn't detect any poison in her system. She seemed healthy. Turning around, she faced a fire being prodded by a man sitting in the shadows. "You just gonna keep standing around, or..." He muttered, looking up at her. The man was a ghoul. He was wearing a cowboy hat, with the right side of the brim attached to the crown. He had old Chicago PD SWAT gear on, with the logos scratched off. Bandages were wrapped around his arms over particularly nasty injuries. "Yeah, yeah, I'll sit..." Cisila muttered, sitting in front of the fire. The ghoul had put meat on a spit, and he began to rotate it with a crank. The Brahmin meat slowly rotated over the fire, cooking. Cisila stared at it, before flicking her eyes at the ghoul. His name was John Morgan. "I know you're all out of sorts," He said, "but once we get to Chicago, we'll track down that package of yours." Chicago. Cisila sighed. "I've never been out that way. Isn't that a place where the Enclave used to be stationed?" She asked. Morgan sat up properly and grunted. "While ago. Couldn't tell you if they're there now, though. Not much left of those pieces of shit." He hissed. Cisila looked at her Pip-Boy again, and then at Morgan. "The man in power armor..." she mumbled. "Who do you think he was?" The man, in a set of Advanced Power Armor Mark 2, was the one who had stolen her package. An expensive, exclusively made weapon for someone in New Reno. She had tracked them to Chicago. "Probably just some wasteland weirdo," Morgan said, prodding the fire. "You get a lot of people who think they can just take whatever garbage they want."

"It's *not* garbage." Cisila said. "It was a really expensive piece of equipment-" Morgan just waved her off. "Yeah, yeah, I don't care." He muttered. "You're lucky that I was heading for Chicago anyways, else I wouldn't have picked you up." He looked up at the night sky. "Route's long." Morgan said. "And by that, I mean it's 'bout a month." He looked down at Cisila, who nodded. "Okay." She muttered, "I'm up for it." 

"Y'sure?" Morgan asked. "Not many would take this specific route, it's...uh...dangerous." He explained.

"I need that package back." Cisila said. Morgan nodded, slowly. "Alright. We set off tomorrow." He replied.

# 2 
# GUNSLINGER
### WASTES OF AMERICA
### 1:23PM, NCRST (NCR STANDARD TIME)
### AUGUST 30TH, 2287
#### Cisila Siveta, 235

The sun beat down upon the two as they walked through the rubble of a small town. The entire area had been completely levelled, with only the crumbled and broken buildings remaining. Cars sat on the street, dead, the owners' skeletons still sitting in them, from over 200 years ago. It was the middle of the day, and the sun was high above them. Cisila felt tired, as it had been several days since they started. It felt like her already stiff legs were about to give out. Morgan seemed to be slightly better, but that may have just been her imagination. He was walking ahead of her, his lever-action rifle slung over his shoulder, and his pair of holstered revolvers were strapped to his legs. "This used to be a nice little town." Morgan suddenly said, as they walked down the main street. "I visited it once, before the Great War." *Why is he...explaining that?* Cisila wondered. He looked back at Cisila, "Every time I walk through here, I can't help but see the people who once lived here in my head." He slowly stopped, looking around. "It's even worse up in Chicago. It's so...*empty* up there." Morgan hissed. "There isn't a single soul living in Chicago. It's the most disconnected part of the wasteland, and nobody bothers goin' there. No clue why that wastelander's heading there." Cisila nodded, coming to a stop next to Morgan. The gap in his jaw was quite pronounced in the sunlight, and she could see straight into his mouth. His skin looked much worse in the sun aswell, as if it had been torn to shreds, burned, and melted. His nose was missing. In addition to this, his eyes were brown, and didn't look too good, but Cisila didn't expect them to. The man was almost the same age as her, but unlike her, he hadn't been in a Vault. He had been turned into a ghoul as soon as the bombs had dropped, she theorized. He hadn't talked about it, but she guessed it had been in Chicago, where one of the worst explosions had occurred. "Come to think of it..." Morgan muttered, looking behind himself. "There were a couple folks around here the last time I passed through. I don't see them now, though..." He made a face of confusion, wheeling around on his heel to re-check every spot he could see from the main street. "Weird." Morgan finally said after half a minute of staring. "Probably got killed." He sighed, turning back around, and he continued down the street. Cisila pulled her stolen NCR Ranger helmet off of her belt and put it on slowly. As it slid over her head, it made a soft click as it fastened in, and the lenses flared to life with a dim red. The helmet immediately activated its cooling systems, and Cisila felt the sweat on her face. "Fuck..." She muttered, sighing. The helmet's blown out microphone echoed through the town as she sighed, and Morgan flinched. "*Jesus,* that thing's loud." He hissed. "Sorry." Cisila said, adjusting the microphone with a knob on the side of the helmet. "It's been like that for months. Haven't been able to fix it." She explained. \
Morgan grunted, and adjusted his hat. "Where'd you even get that thing?" He asked. "Found a dead Ranger out in the wastes." Cisila said, tugging on her gloves. "Musta been, what, two months after I got out of my Vault? I took his shit immediately. Didn't even know what the hell an NCR was." She quickly got back up to Morgan, and continued. "No idea how it still works so well. It's been repaired..." she paused, "...Actually, I dunno how much it's been repaired. Must be six thousand caps in repairs at this point." She sighed. Morgan snorted, "Waste of caps. Y'know-" He began, but he paused. Something had caught his eye.

Morgan stared down at the end of the street, where the wastes opened back up. At the very end, clouded by a plume of dust sent into the air, was a figure. "Ah, shit..." He muttered, pulling the brim of his hat down. "Someone's coming. Ignore them. Keep your head down." He ordered. Cisila stared at the figure for a brief moment, and couldn't really discern them. "...Okay." She said, lowering her head. She kept a hand on her holstered 10mm Pistol, and slowed down to stay behind Morgan. He continued onwards, his hands staying off his weapons. It was agonizing, walking towards the figure. Neither of them had any idea who they were, what they might want, or if they were even going to talk. All they could do was walk. "...Hate when this happens..." Morgan muttered, lowering his head more. He was still keeping an eye on the figure ahead, and suddenly noticed them go for their holstered revolver. Instinctively, Morgan also went for his pair of revolvers, intending to shoot their hand to disarm them. The figure, now much closer, had feigned drawing their revolver with their right hand. Morgan has falsely assumed his firing arm would be the right arm, and in a swift movement, the figure drew their revolver with their left hand and fired. "SHIT!" Morgan yelled, ducking out of the way and crashing into the interior of a building. Cisila immediately ducked into an alleyway as soon as she heard the deafening *BANG* of the powerful revolver. "...What the fuck...?!" She whispered to herself, pulling out her 10mm pistol. Out of nowhere, this figure had attacked them, and only after they had gotten closer. They had done something to fool Morgan briefly, but what it was, Cisila couldn't tell. All she knew was that she should stay out of sight for the time being, and try to find a vantage point to get above the attacker. On the other side of the street, Morgan pulled himself up and slid over a counter inside the blown-out diner. Chairs were strewn everywhere, and the tiled floor had been ripped to shreds in areas. The windows, obviously, were gone. *Fucking hell.* Morgan thought, crouch-walking along the underside of the counter. *Why the fuck does this have to happen after a week of normal travel? What the hell does this guy even want?* He leaned around the counter and peered outside. The figure was approaching the diner slowly, and as they got closer, Morgan could finally identify them. *It's a fucking ghoul.* He realized, staring at them. The left side of his face was hidden, so Morgan could only see the visible half, but the ghoul looked younger than Morgan, from what he could tell. Pulling out his revolver, he pulled the hammer back and flung his arm out from behind the counter. He put pressure on the trigger, but before he could fire, the ghoul fired back as he entered the diner. The bullet went straight through Morgan's arm and he winced. "Fuck-" He grunted, pulling himself up. He pulled out his second revolver and fired it, taking the ghoul assailant by surprise. Using his brief opportunity, Morgan broke through the door to the kitchen of the diner and quickly pulled out a stimpak, forcing the wound to close with a wince. He wasn't sure if his shot had connected, but he didn't have time to worry about it. The ghoul entered the kitchen area aswell, and took more shots at Morgan. Ducking behind the large kitchen appliances, Morgan and the ghoul traded shots. Six shots were fired from the ghoul assailant before there was a pause, and Morgan took that as a sign that he needed to reload. 

So he burst out from his cover and used his still mostly loaded revolvers to fire into the ghoul. He pulled the triggers in rapid succession, and when the final bullet hit, he noticed...the ghoul wasn't even there. "What-" He hissed, before he felt the barrel of a revolver press against the back of his head. Morgan slowly lowered his revolvers and slid them back into his holsters, before raising his hands back up. If he could stall, then he would. And Morgan could only think of one way to start: with words. \
"...What the fuck d'you want?" He asked, remaining still. He got no response, but could still hear the ghoul breathing. "If you want caps, I got bad news..." He hissed, "I don't have any." The silence continued. Morgan felt concerned. "...Okay, if it isn't that, then *what* do you *want?*" He pressed. The rattling breath from the ghoul deepened, before he finally spoke. He sounded as though he'd smoked a cigar every single day since he was born. It was *incredibly* raspy. "...Not one to..." he paused, breathing deeply. "...pass up a good fight." He wheezed. "Could tell from...a mile away." Morgan slowly craned his head to look at the ghoul slowly, his eyes meeting the ghoul's. "...That's it?" He asked. The ghoul glared at him, his only visible eye glinting. "...Why's it matter?" He wheezed. Morgan lowered his hands slowly, and as steady as he could, he reached for the combat knife strapped into his belt. "I don't like fighting for no reason." Morgan said. "And I hate *wasting my time.*" He added, swiftly pulling the knife out and stabbing it into the ghoul's left arm. The ghoul winced raspily and stumbled back, and Morgan kicked him away as hard as he could, before lunging towards the door and sprinting out as fast as he could. 
