# 1
## In The Dark
### 23:20, MST 
### Whitefish, Montana
#### August 20th, 1987

It was almost midnight. The shadows of the tall trees around a prairie-styled house, which sat in a clearing. A dirt driveway went through the trees, and onto a hardly used road. The moon above was bright, the light from the sun reflecting off of it strongly. It was just between a full and half moon. The sky was clear, and everything was quiet, aside from the sounds of the forest and the wind. The lights in the simple house were on. The noise of a news anchor talking from a large, bulky CRT TV could be heard from one of the opened windows, but didn't travel far enough to be considered loud. In the house, a woman was cleaning dishes with a thick sponge, under a running faucet in the kitchen. Soap coated every dish as she cleaned, and cleaned. The dishes clinked and clanked as she moved them around and sorted them, stacking the plates upon each other and putting the forks and knives into piles. As she continued to wash the dishes, she listened to the news. On the CRT, the local news channel was displaying ongoing stories for any late-night viewers. The anchor rattled on and on about random local news, before suddenly turning to a more serious topic. The woman glanced at the TV as the anchor switched topics. "...In other news," The man began, "A pizzeria chain has suffered serious backlash this afternoon after one of their animatronic mascots..." He paused, looking down at his notes. He made a 'tch' noise, before continuing. "After one of their animatronic mascots caused serious damage to a child's frontal lobe." The anchor shuffled his notes and shook his head, "The child, aged seven, unfortunately passed only a few hours after. The parents of the child blame not just the company, but the employees who let their child get too close. This isn't the first time the company - and its subsidiaries - have faced legal trouble when it comes to injury." As the man continued on, the woman put down the dishes and turned the faucet off. She walked over to the TV and sat down in front of it on the floor, staring at the anchor as he continued to talk about the company. A thick plume of hair covered the right side of the woman's face. The back of her hair was down up into a poofy ponytail, with only some of the remaining untied hair finding its way around her neck. She looked like a mess. "When asked for comments, employees of Freddy Fazbear's declined, stating that the owners forbid them to talk." The man rattled on, sifting through his notes. "But when our on-site team went to Mr. William Afton's home, and asked for comment, we were met with the man himself." He lowered his head, looking down at the notes. "He told our team, quote, 'While I feel sympathy for the family, our animatronics aren't prone to major malfunctions such as this. This was entirely the child's fault, and I know that's hard to hear, but we've done extensive investigations.' end quote." The man looked back up at the camera, "Unfortunately, the co-founder, Mr. Henry Emily, was not available for comment. Even Mr. Afton was not aware of his location. Now, as most parents will be aware, Fazbear's is a very notorious location for incidents like these. For example, in 1983..." And then the man trailed off into a story she'd already heard before. One that had been drilled into her head. 

The death of a small child at the old Fredbear's Family Diner location. Afton's son. If anyone was going to take this seriously, it would've been Afton. But as she stared into the picture of Afton that had appeared on the screen as the news anchor talked about him, Cisila couldn't believe him. She had *watched* that child get forced over to the animatronic. It had bent over to greet the child, only for the kid's head to get lodged in between its jaws. The employees hadn't even tried to get her out before a horrible crunch echoed through the room, followed by the blood-curdling screech of a child. It was her sister. It was her sister's birthday. In an odd choice, Cisila's parents had decided to take the family to the local Freddy's location, despite Cisila's (and her sister's) reservations. Cisila disliked the company and its practices. She disliked the man in charge. This specific location they had gone to was the original, and was still where Afton worked. She frowned, remembering that she had seen the man just before her sister's untimely accident. Something was off with Afton, as she had recently realized. Despite being the face of the company, Afton never went out unless he had to. He was like a shadow. The company ignored his existence, aswell, unless legal troubles came up. Unless an animatronic malfunctioned. *Unless a child had gone missing...* She remembered. Friends of her sister had also had birthday parties here, and some of them never returned. In the midst of the bustling pizzeria, children continued to disappear. They continued to be injured, or even killed. Like her sister. Like that other kid- Afton's son. It was in 1983, only a few years ago. Frowning, she pushed that memory out of her head and turned to other matters. Her parents still weren't home, as they hadn't been able to cope with their second daughter passing. She was alone in their house, with only the TV to keep her company. It was already too dark outside to do anything, and she still didn't have a job. She'd have to take up the only offer she'd found...a simple cashier role at the local grocery store. It was a start. But as she continued to stare at the TV, which now displayed an image of the Freddy's location, she had an idea. It was probably stupid to think of it, but Cisila couldn't help. *What if I get a job at that location? What if I try to find out where all those children have gone?* In her spare time, and in school, Cisila had conducted multiple detective-like investigations. She was confident enough in her abilities that she thought that she could find something. *But...maybe not now. I need to get on my own two feet before I try and pull stunts like that.* \
It was far better to monitor the place before applying for a job, had the need ever come. The most optimal spot for investigating was a nightguard. Nobody else was in the building at night, and she'd have ample opportunities to have a look into the various backrooms and storage areas of the pizzeria that the employees, and Afton, used. She couldn't get her suspicion of Afton out of her head. He *had* something to do with this.

Standing up, Cisila yawned. It was already extremely late, and she had spent all of her energy today. The images of her sister flashed through her head for the tenth time. Cisila flinched, but walked to her room. In the back of her head, she got another idea. *It might be good to make a whole history of the company that I can follow. Those kids deserve some sort of closure...right? My sister, too.*

*Something's off with this whole thing.* She thought. *I think I can find that out, though, can't I?*

-

The phone rang at Henry's desk. The clunky phone vibrated as it rang, a monotonous beeping tone. Henry looked at it, halfway through pencilling a diagram. He looked tired. He was unshaved, and his glasses were sliding down his nose. His greying brown hair was messy, and short. Wrinkles were etched into his face. There was only one light on in the room, hanging above him. The rest of the room was cloaked in shadow. Awards and pictures on shelves in the room were barely visible. Several newspapers were stacked on Henry's desk, all of which related to Freddy Fazbear's. The phone continued to ring, and dejectedly, Henry answered it. Pulling it out of its dock with a thunk, he held it up. "Henry." A familiar voice said. Henry sighed, and responded, "Yes, William. What the *hell* happened today?" He asked. "Tch," William said, "Some kid got too close to Freddy. Don't know what did it." Henry put his pencil down slowly and leaned back in his chair, "What do you *mean* you don't know?" He pushed. "That was a major malfunction of the endoskeleton. How do those jaws snap shut like that? Her entire frontal lobe was just- *crushed.*" He hissed. "The only way those snap like that is due to liquid damage, or tampering." Henry seemed angry. William took a moment to respond, "Well, whatever the case..." He muttered, calmly. "It drew attention away from what's really happening, Henry." William lowered his voice more. Henry looked down at the desk, frowning. He knew that William had tampered with the Freddy animatronic. But there was nothing he could do to tell authorities of William's activities. "Y'know, it's amazing how one shock causes a community to forget about the disappearances." William continued, "Between this and the food poisoning incident, all eyes are averted." \
"What's your point, William?" Henry asked, rubbing his forehead. "What do you need to do next?" William chuckled, and seemed to sit down, judging by the sounds on the other end of the phone. "I'm not sure. Those kids, y'know..." He said, "They actually possessed the animatronics. It's stunning to see." *Stunning.* Henry thought. *Disgusting.* He sighed, "Right. You mangled those kids beyond recognition, and stuffed them into the suits. How many months did we get the oder complaint, again?" He said. "Five and a half." William responded, "It stopped just, uh, last week, actually." He chuckled again. "I'm sure they'll pick up again once I get that other kid into Foxy." Henry frowned, anxiety making its way through him. William talked about this as if it was completely normal. As if *he* was completely normal. There was nothing Henry could do to stop him. Tapping his foot against the floor, Henry sat up. "I still don't understand, William...what's the point in this? Killing *children?* Wouldn't adults..." Henry began, before pausing. There was no justification for killing anyone. But it seemed to be the only way to get through to William. "...Wouldn't adults cause less problems? A lot more adults go missing per year, William." He leaned forward on his desk, putting his weight onto his elbow. "Only children have the imagination and the soul for this to function." William responded. "Freddy Fazbear's is where fantasy and fun come to life, after all. Come to *life.*" He laughed. "It's incredible to watch the animatronics twitch and suffer." *You mean the children.* Henry thought, shutting his eyes. "After midnight, the kids take over. They attack anyone and everything, all mental capacity just...gone." William continued. "They think any moving thing is *me.* They hate me." Henry remembered the incident with the dog. A wild dog had gotten into the pizzeria after midnight, and when the first employees entered after six in the morning, they saw its mangled corpse just in front of the main stage. The location had to remain closed for that day. Henry was certain the bloodstains were still there, if faint. He couldn't imagine such a thing happening to an actual *human.* The nightguard seemed to have no problems, but he had a feeling that that wasn't going to last. 

"What I need you to do, Henry, is see if you can erase any and all evidence pointing to me." William suddenly said, snapping Henry out of his thoughts. "The police can't find out about this for obvious reasons, you know...and if I do get caught, you understand what happens to you." His tone turned from the joyful insanity, to resentment. Henry nodded slowly, looking around the room. In each corner, there were tiny devices resembling hockey pucks, with a singular red light blinking. "...I know, William." Henry said. "I just...need the documents sent to me. Seeing as I can't leave this...this room." He stuttered. "Of course!" William responded, "Anything for you, dear old friend." He laughed. "But, in the meantime...I expect you to finish those design documents." \
Henry nodded again, "Yes." He mumbled. "Keep...keep doing that you're doing, William." He sighed, dejectedly. William hung up and Henry put the phone back into its dock, and he looked back down at the binder. He was only halfway done the design for an animatronic. *Funtime Freddy*, he'd called it. The *Funtime* line was something William had forced him to work on, and he was stuck in this office because of it. Henry hated it. But then he heard something...and his stomach dropped. Looking up from his desk slowly, he saw the giant silhouette of an animatronic standing at the door. It looked shoddily built, put together with simple plastic pieces, and creaked with every subtle movement. It was shaped like Freddy, but was all wrong. Its eyes were locked onto Henry, unblinking. Unfeeling. It kept him in the office. And it would kill him if he tried to leave. It was one of William's shoddy creations, a functionally obsolete model turned into a horror show. Henry stared at it, resentment bubbling up inside him. He had turned one of Henry's own creations into something that could kill him at a moment's notice. And not only that, it could...do other things. Sometimes, its form would change. Henry looked back up at the blinking hockey pucks. *I can hear them beep, sometimes. What are they?*

In the back of his head, Henry had a plan to get out. But it might take years to execute. It might not even be worth it. But somehow, William had to be stopped. Henry was the only one who knew his true intentions. He would get out.

But, of course, he had to start somewhere. And once he got those documents, Henry knew just what to do.

-

William quietly put the phone down and got up from the couch in his own home. It was in the middle of an empty plot of land, trees lining the boundaries of the plot. Only one light was still on in the living room, and he walked over to it and turned it off. It clicked loudly, and the light immediately vanished. The only thing left to light the room was the moon outside. William pulled a coat off of a coat hangar and pulled it on as he walked towards the front door. He grabbed hold of the handle, but before he opened the door, William heard something behind him. He looked back, and saw his older son staring back at him. Michael had paused halfway down the stairs. "...Dad?" Michael asked, holding onto the railing. He was almost twenty. William resented the fact that the man wouldn't get a job. All he seemed to do was sit there and watch...*whatever* that stuff was. William himself may not have been much better, but at least *he* left the house. William's hair was cut extremely short and his hairline was receding. He had a goatee, which, like his hair, was greying. His glasses were large with thin frames. He, like Henry, looked tired of life. But that didn't stop him from smiling as he looked back at Michael, silently. Michael stared back, confused, before William pulled the door open with a heave, and stepped out into the night, leaving Michael behind. He shut the door behind him and walked down the front steps, taking a right turn to head along the side of the house. He turned around the corner and approached what looked like the entrance to a cellar. Adjusting his glasses as he approached, William carefully eyed the surrounding area as he got closer to the cellar entrance. All was quiet, save for the wind and the rustling trees. *They aren't watching.* He mused in his head. Mounds of dirt near the beginning of the forest could be vaguely seen, standing out. They were strange, but William knew what they were for. They had gotten up, finally. And for once...they hadn't tried to kill him. They knew their job, he thought, as he pulled opened the cellar doors. *They're well aware of their purpose. A true, and pure extension of my research.* William climbed into the cellar slowly. He slid down a rusty ladder and landed on the dusty floor, and pulled out a large flashlight as he turned around to survey the cellar. Old furniture and boxes were strewn about, aside from William's workshop, which sat pristinely. Tools, and metal parts sat on the workbench next to an endoskeleton suspended from the ceiling. 

But at the far end of the cellar, there was a set of sliding, metal doors with thick windows embedded in them. *The elevator to the bunker*, William mused. He walked over to it and pushed one of the buttons, and the doors slid open with a polite *ding.* Stepping into the elevator, William turned his flashlight off as the elevator's own lights flickered on. He pushed the lowest button on the elevator's control panel, and the doors slid shut, thunking together. Down below, there were a lot of projects waiting for him. In fact, *Henry* was down there. The poor man had tried to dissuade William from his pursuit of the soul, and had ended up trapped below the surface, where he would never see the light of day again. William was so sure of this, that he intended to kill Henry once everybody had forgotten about him. *It might take months for the town to forget Henry,* William thought, *but it shouldn't matter.* Henry's work on the Funtimes was useful. So much of what William did could only be done with the help of Henry, but as of late, William felt that he didn't need Henry for too much longer. The moment Henry finished work on the Funtimes, William would figure out a satisfactory way to kill the man. In a way that, even if discovered, could never be blamed on William. It was what he was best at. It was why he had gotten this far. Despite going to prison for a couple of Fazbear incidents, they had never been murder related. Nobody knew of his connection to the disappearing children. And no matter what, no matter who found him guilty, the murders always returned. William always got out of prison easily.

William *always* came back.

-

# 2
## Fazbear Nights
### 23:47, MST 
### Whitefish, Montana
#### July 8th, 1993

Cisila forced the key into the lock and turned it. The lock was rusty and resisted her for a few moments, as she put more pressure into it. After a couple of seconds of struggling, the lock slid open. Sighing, and rubbing her eyes, Cisila opened the two doors that the lock had been keeping closed. It was dark out, almost midnight. Looking behind herself, she saw the empty parking lot in front of the Freddy Fazbear's. A couple of the tall street lamps were still on, while some flickered. Most were completely off. It was raining quite hard, and when she looked up, aside from feeling the water droplets hit her face, she saw that the sky was pure, inky blackness. No stars. She could see some clouds, vaguely, but it felt wrong. This entire thing felt wrong. It had been six years since she'd first decided to find out what Fazbear Entertainment and William Afton had done, and so far, she'd found nothing. But the opportunity had finally come: a nightguard position finally opened. And it was at the location where her sister was bitten. Now twenty-four, Cisila lived on her own. Her parents no longer cared what she did. And she no longer cared about them. It felt as though she'd been consumed by her obsession to find out what happened. As she looked back towards the doors, she couldn't help but feel like this was stepping into unknown territory. She hadn't been back here in years, and since 1987, the place had fallen into...vague disrepair. Not many people really came to this specific location, and it was treated more like a tourist attraction for those who wanted to see the original Fazbear's location. It was a tax write-off, and barely operated. The only reason she was able to get the job was because of the building's current owner, a man whose name she didn't know. He had put up a flyer asking for someone to take the graveyard shift at the original Freddy's location, promising complete access to the facility so long as everything stayed in place and the location was safe. Of course, Cisila was only here to investigate, so if she got fired before her designated five nights were over, she couldn't care less. \
Stepping into the entrance of Freddy Fazbear's, Cisila slowly pulled the doors shut behind her. The entire facility was drowning in darkness, and she had no idea where the breaker switches were. So, for the time being, she pulled a flashlight out of her satchel and flicked it on with a sharp *click.* The bright beam of light shot out from the flashlight and revealed the area in front of her properly. The reception area, currently empty. A large cardboard cutout of the main four animatronics stood next to the reception desk. Freddy, Bonnie, Chica and Foxy. Cisila stared at it for a moment, looking at the eyes of the cartoony representations of the robots. They were bright and cheery, unlike their metal and fabric counterparts. She turned to look around the rest of the reception room, looking at the two entrances into the main dining area. They were on either side of the desk, and the doors were stuck open. Buckets used by the janitors were propped against the doors, aswell as cardboard boxes, both of which kept them open, and when she noticed this, she realized that the whole area was...a mess. There was a smell in the air. A fragrance that made Cisila feel as though the place had gone ignored. Dust, a stale smell, and something else...but she couldn't decipher it, and she decided to move on. Sidling through the boxes and buckets and into the main dining area, she aimed her flashlight around. Dust particles were caught in the light, and as the light washed over the dining area, she saw the dozens and dozens of tables with red and white checkered cloths draped over them. They were shifted out of place, and chairs were strewn about: some were fallen over, while others were bent out of shape or broken. 

She stared at the chairs for a moment, pondering how they would get into this state. But she shook her head and moved on, walking between the tables. Cisila headed towards the main stage where the three animatronics were standing, frozen. As her flashlight shone on them, she flinched. The main three, Freddy, Bonnie, and Chica, were standing in their default poses on the stage, powered off. It looked like they had been standing like that for...years. No power, nothing. But something had caught her eye almost immediately, and she looked closer at Freddy, getting even closer to the stage. She squinted, and finally figured out what it was. It was dried blood, coating Freddy's mouth. It looked like it had been there for as long as the animatronics had been powered off. And then she picked up the smell again, that she'd smelled in the reception desk...but much, much stronger. Slightly confused, she tried to decipher it again. But she still couldn't. It was an overpowering, rotting smell that refused to leave. It was something she'd never smelled before...and she had a feeling it wasn't something she ever wanted to smell again. \
Backing up from the stage, Cisila sighed. Her sigh pierced the air and echoed through the dining room, being the *only* noise in the facility. She pulled out a notepad she'd been given by the owner, and looked through it. It contained a map, and in red, the power room had been circled with arrows pointing at it. *BREAKER!* had been written above the circle. So she figured out where she was, and headed over to the power room. Opening the door and stepping in, Cisila put the notepad away and approached the breaker, reaching for the big lever. *Should be it.* She thought, pulling it down with a crunchy *thunk.* Immediately, it whirred to life and certain lights in the building immediately came back to life with a soft hum. Nodding to herself, she turned around and stepped out of the power room, and checked her watch. *Almost twelve.* Cisila thought to herself, and found her way towards the security office she was supposed to be staying in for the next six or so hours. After a lot of searching and consulting the notepad again, she found the room. Unlike what she'd heard from other locations, it was just behind a simple door with a knob and lock. Other locations had these strange hydraulic doors to keep the animatronics out, but she assumed that, because this was the original location, there was no space to install the hydraulic actuators and whatnot. Stepping inside and shutting the door behind herself (and making sure she locked it), Cisila turned her flashlight off. She flicked on a light switch inside the office and sat down on the squeaky leather chair that sat in front of the camera system. A fat CRT monitor was on the desk, haphazardly placed near the computer itself and all the wires and cables that it needed to connect with the camera system. A keyboard and mouse had been put on the desk aswell, perhaps as an afterthought. As she turned the computer on, it whirred and buzzed. Cisila leaned back in the chair and sighed deeply. For the first night, she'd try to actually do her job. There was no reason to explore a place she wasn't familiar with, and the camera system would probably help her out. Pulling out the owner's notepad again, she consulted another page in it, where the owner had drawn another layout of the facility, but this time with the camera positions and numbers for each camera labelled. She set it down, propped up against the monitor so she could keep track of the location of the camera she would be on, as the system itself wouldn't do that. \
The computer finally booted up and immediately turned on the camera system. The CRT monitor displayed a crackly, VHS-like display from Camera One. Flicking her eyes down to the notepad, she saw that Camera One was in the dining area, in the far top left corner, overlooking the whole area with good visibility of the entrances from reception, but not a good look at the animatronics and their stage. She could see them, but not well enough. Camera Two was pointed at the stage, while Cameras Three and Four were both hallways: the bathroom and kitchen hallway. Five and Six were for the backstage area, where spare parts and maintenance were done. Seven and Eight were down the hallway that the security office was located in, Seven being near the entrance looking outwards, while Eight was installed at the end of the hallway. \
Flicking through all the cameras one by one, Cisila made a mental note of each. Every time she swapped cameras, the computer made a buzzing noise and the feed was filled with static for a moment. It was clunky. 

Suddenly, the phone rang. It was so sudden that Cisila almost jumped out of her seat and made a strange little noise. "God *damn*..." She muttered, putting the phone on speaker after it rang more. She was greeted by the voice of the owner. A pre-recorded message. "Uh...hello? Hello? Uh, I wanted to leave a message for you..." The man sounded tired. "I didn't get to greet you properly, so I thought I'd..." He paused to cough, "Thought I'd introduce myself. Real sorry about that. Name's Steve. Steve Raglan. I own the whole building, uh...it's- it's nice that you accepted, you seemed like a nice lady." He said. "I just wanted to go over some of the things I wasn't able to in our short meeting. First of all, uh...the cameras can be a bit buggy. It's an old system, so, uh..." He paused, "...a couple of 'em might go out once or twice for a couple minutes before coming back online. It's no biggie, just...if it's one of the cameras near the hallway you're in, I'd uh...be a bit more cautious of steppin' outside. Speaking of which," It sounded as though he was moving around, "You've got full reign of the place 'til six A.M. You're allowed to do whatever you want, just...keep an eye on the cameras and be careful of the animatronics. If anything happens to them, uh..." He sighed. "Nobody's gonna be happy about it." Cisila listened to him carefully. "Oh, and the animatronics..." He muttered, "They, uh, have a free roam mode when the power's on. It only activates at night, because ever since, uh...the bite of '87, they haven't been allowed to wander, so the techies set up a program that only lets them move around at night. If they see you during the hours it's closed, they'll think you're either an endo without its suit, or an intruder. Best not to get seen." He grumbled. \
Cisila leaned forward and looked at the trio of animatronics on the stage. Why were they allowed to move around only at night if nobody was even in the damn place during the day? Something irked her. She already had questions. Raglan continued on, blabbering about the power system and the cameras' consumption of power, which didn't particularly matter to her. "...Anyways, I hope you have a good night and nothin' happens." He concluded. "Remember, your paycheck only comes after five nights, so uh...keep at it. It shouldn't be hard." And just like that, Raglan ended his pre-recorded message. Flicking through the cameras again, she noticed there was one room on her notepad's map that didn't have a camera. Raglan hadn't made any note of it, and it looked small. *Fuck could that be for?* She wondered, staring at her notepad. Sighing, she flicked through all the channels, staring at the black-and-white display which flickered and filled with static every time she flipped through the different feeds. Everything looked frozen in time. The animatronics, despite what Raglan had said, were standing still on the stage. Foxy was in his pirate cove, hidden behind the curtains. In front of the curtains was a sign, reading out *"Sorry Mateys, I'm Out of Order"*, implying that the fox had been out of order before the pizzeria closed. Why was that? And...why did the Freddy animatronic have dried blood in its mouth? Why did it seem like all the animatronics had some sort of problem? Flipping back to the main stage camera, Cisila stared at the three main animatronics again. She couldn't see their eyes through the camera, as they were hidden in shadow. The husks of the cartoon characters looked soulless, frozen. Their faces were permanently wedged into smiles, their teeth baring. In the dark, and unable to see their teeth, they looked almost demonic, mouths gaped into wide smiles with nothing but a void behind them. Freddy had the largest smile, and Cisila could just barely make out the dried blood on the cameras. He had his iconic top hat on, aswell as a simple vest, coloured black. Bonnie also had a vest, but purple to match his own colours, and he was holding his recognizable red guitar. Chica had her "Let's Party!" bib on, aswell as an oversized chef's hat that looked like it would fall off of her head at any sudden movement. Her beak was damaged, and Cisila, through the cameras, could see that it looked like it was able to be easily removed. She wondered what had happened to make her beak look like that, but instead of dwelling on it, she leaned back in her chair and sighed. *This is already boring.* She thought. \
Suddenly, the camera feed was drowned in static for a brief moment. It caught her eye. "...Huh?" She muttered, leaning forward. It didn't take her long to notice what was wrong. On the stage, there were only two animatronics standing there. Bonnie and Chica.

Freddy was gone. 

And then the feed flickered again, and when it re-stabilized itself, the rabbit and the chicken were staring directly into the camera, tiny white pinpricks from their glass eyes shining. Cisila stared in horror. *They know I'm watching?* She thought, feeling her stomach twist uncomfortably. She had to find the bear. Flicking through the camera channels, she couldn't see anything. The lights that were on were too dim to show her anything properly. where *was* Freddy? She flicked back through to the main stage and felt another pang of fear. Chica was still staring at the camera, but Bonnie had disappeared. *Fuck!* She thought, feeling herself panicking. Something about them was making her nervous. They were supposed to be doing this, weren't they? But Chica and Bonnie had *looked* at the camera. Did they know where she was? Should she hide under the desk? Would that even suffice?! Her mind was beginning to race at the slightest hint of nervousness. Flicking over to the hallway camera, she finally saw Freddy. He was slowly making his way down the hallway. *What the fuck?!* She thought, leaning closer to the monitor. His footsteps were slow, heavy and mechanical. Each one looked agonizing. He had to be coming straight for her, didn't he? There was nothing she could do. Cisila watched, frozen in panic, as the giant animatronic bear thumped down the hallway. She could *hear* his footsteps now. Looking around the office, she tried to find somewhere to hide. There wasn't anywhere *to* hide. Except, maybe...the door. Wheeling around in her chair, she got up. She could hide behind the door when it opened, and due to the tiny office, the oversized animatronic probably wouldn't be able to get in. Right? Surely, she thought. Glancing at the CRT again, she saw that Freddy was close, and was looking at her door. She could hear the footsteps clearly now. Cisila would have to move, or risk being seen. And she definitely didn't want to be seen. Getting up from her chair she pressed her back against the wall where the door would swing open and hide her. She held onto her flashlight tightly, just in case. The footsteps grew louder and louder, and she heard the animatronic whirring and grinding. Freddy put his hand against the door, and she heard it thunk lightly against the door. She waited, holding her breath. *THUNK.* The door jolted. *Thunk.* Freddy was knocking on the door. And then after a few more knocks, it stopped. She stared at the CRT on the desk, where she could just barely see Freddy on the other side of the door. He hadn't moved. And then, agonizingly slowly, the handle on the door began to turn. The metal squeaked as it turned downwards, and the door slowly slid open. Cisila held on even tighter to the flashlight and felt herself shake harder. 
