## They Know What You Are
### 3:20, MST 
### Whitefish, Montana
#### July 26th, 1993

Cisila forced open the door to her office, feeling her panic raising. The cameras were off. The whole building had gone completely dark, flooded in complete, inky blackness. She pulled out her flashlight and flicked it on, aiming it down the hallway towards the main party room. The dust particles messed with her ability to sightread, but she could see the three large animatronics thumping around. Looking for her. It didn't take long for all of them to suddenly freeze and slowly turn their heads towards her. Bonnie's head rotated compeletely around his head, ripping the fabric around his neck joint. His mouth opened slowly, revealing the animatronic teeth and the metal endoskeleton beneath the purple-blue fabric that made Bonnie recognizable. His eyes were shaking in their sockets, as he stared directly at Cisila. Freddy locked onto her and stared aswell, joined by Chica. She felt paralyzed. The animatronics began to shake violently, the spirits inside seemingly trying to escape the confines of their limiting robotic endoskeletons. But they couldn't. *Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.* Her mind echoed. They weren't acting normal- well, how they had acted for the past five nights - but now, it seemed like a switch had flipped. She couldn't help them. There was nothing she could do for them...except, maybe one thing. But to achieve that, she had to survive. And there was only one thing she could think of that would help her do that. The old Spring Bonnie suit sitting in the safe room she'd discovered...it would disguise her. It had to work, surely. The animatronics must have only been going after her because she was acting as the security guard. If they saw another mascot, maybe they would let her go. Out of ideas and under pressure, Cisila turned around and bolted towards the safe room door, and started desperately trying to open the rickety door. She fumbled with her keys as she heard the footsteps of the animatronics, and she barely found the correct key, and shoved it into the lock, turning it and yanking the door open. Her hands were shaking immensely. Slamming the door shut, Cisila stumbled through the dirty, dilapidated safe room and made her way over to the moth-eaten Spring Bonnie seat that sat against the wall. Its jaw was wide open, and the eyes were empty. It looked...horrifying. The fabric and fur were chewed, parts of the metal endoskeleton exposed. There was no time to dwell on the fact that the suit *looked* dangerous, as it was her only way of getting out of here...she couldn't get past the animatronics by running. She couldn't hide. But she could pretend to be one of them. \
Pulling the suit off of the wall and beginning to pull it on, she fastened the springlock system with its accompanying hand crank so she could fit inside. Cisila didn't give a second thought to the springlock systems as she slid her legs, arms, and torso in. She picked up the head of the yellow rabbit and looked at it for a moment, before pulling it over her head. It smelled...damp, inside. It made her flinch. But a bit of uncomfortableness meant shit compared to dying. Standing up properly, she watched as the Freddy animatronic lumbered into the safe room slowly, his arms dangling by his sides. His eyes were focused on Cisila in the Bonnie costume, and his jaw opened wide and closed. He seemed confused. Bonnie and Chica followed, and looked just as confused. Where had the girl gone? What was the yellow rabbit doing standing up? Cisila felt her breathing get heavy as sweat ran down her forehead. She just had to walk past them. But slowly, the lanky Freddy animatronic blocked the doorway, leaning forward and opening his gaping jaw, his glassy eyes locked onto Cisila. She took a step forward, then Freddy's head snapped into a tilt, his eyes shaking hard in their sockets. They recognized the suit. They knew what it was for.

It was then she realized that it was the suit Afton had used. The same one he used to lure the children away into this very safe room, to kill them. \
She had made a very large mistake.

The room was damp. The suit was damper. She was sweating. Cisila remembered one of the training tapes she'd found... \
*Do not breathe on the springlocks, as moisture may loosen them, and* \
*cause* \
*them* \
*to* \
*break* \
*loose.*

She didn't have time to react. The metal suddenly snapped back into place as the rusting springlocks broke apart with a horrible *twang.* She felt the metal parts shoot back into place, straight through her. She couldn't feel her arms, her legs, or her torso as metal rods and parts forced their way back into their original place, crushing, snapping and stabbing through her. She was unable to move. Cisila began to shake uncontrollably. Her mind was completely blank, she was unable to call on her inner voice. All she could feel was pain shooting up through her entire body. Blood seeped through every single injury she got. It ran down her arms and legs, seeped through the suit's fingers, and its feet. The springlocks continued to snap, crushing her body. It hadn't made its way to her head yet, and she was terrified of what was going to happen when it did. The animatronics watched, their glassy eyes glued to the violently shaking yellow rabbit. They thought that this was it. That their murderer was dying. But it wasn't. Inside the suit, Cisila couldn't help but let out a scream. It was high-pitched, a scream of pure horror. The pain of the metal continued as the endoskeleton forced its way through her entire body. Breaking every bone it came in contact with. Her ribcage shattered. She felt the chest structure of the endoskeleton puncture her lungs. Her scream slowly died out as the chest structure destroyed her lungs, and then her stomach. A pool of blood was forming around the feet of the yellow rabbit. The animatronics stared even harder, their eyes so focused on the twitching rabbit that they were shaking violently. Suddenly, the upper part of the endoskeleton violently snapped into place with a *clang.* \
Her shoulders snapped. Her spine shattered. And worst of all, she felt the neck part of the endoskeleton puncture her own neck, and she couldn't breathe. But it didn't matter. Everything was collapsing in on her, squeezing her. The head of the endoskeleton crushed her skull. Her head was in the way of the endoskeleton. She wasn't sure how she was still alive, but her existence had been reduced to pain. The endoskeleton's glass eyes forcefully pressed against her own, and for a brief moment, she was blind. The pressure of the glass eyes forced her own out of place. Her optic nerves were severed. But her vision slowly returned. A blurry, bloody vision. But she could see. \
And then her inner voice returned. *Why can I see?* It echoed. *What is happening to me?* It was weak. *She* was weak. Cisila couldn't stand anymore, but the endoskeleton was forcing her to. Blood was running down her face and she felt the only part of her head left break. Her jaw. The endoskeleton's own jaw had forced itself into place. The pool of blood was growing, as if Cisila was a lemon being squeezed of all of its juice.

And then, she hit the floor. The suit slumped against the wall and she felt it begin twitching uncontrollably. She didn't want to move. But her body was still trying to fight back, even though it was long gone. The twitching turned into a full seizure-like panic, and she couldn't stop it. Through her blurry vision, she saw the animatronics unnaturally slip out of the safe room. She couldn't hear the door shut. Her ears, still connected to her brain, could only pick up high-pitched buzzing. Then, it felt like time had come to a crawl. It felt like hours and hours before the door suddenly opened again, and a man walked in. Through her blurry vision, she couldn't recognize him. But as he drew closer to the twitching Spring Bonnie costume, Cisila recognized him. She was unable to give any indication to the man that she was alive. But it didn't matter, it was William Afton. "You're not as smart as I thought youw ere," He muttered, crouching next to the suit, the soles of his shoes in Cisila's blood. "You listened to those tapes. You heard how dangerous these suits are. And yet you still got into one because you thought it'd protect you..." William picked up the springlock hand crank, and slowly stood up. "I'm going to be locking the door and cementing a wall in front of it." He said, staring down at the springlocked Cisila. "You're probably still alive, but...eventually, you'll die." William slowly walked over to the door and opened it, looking back. "I guess you really didn't achieve anything, huh?" He remarked, before stepping out. 

The last thing she heard was the lock clicking.

-

The Spring Bonnie suit was still slumped against the wall of the dilapidated safe room as two men finally broke the door open. "Jeez, man..." The first says, stepping inside. "Y'ever wonder what they, like, did with these places?" He looks around the dark room before pulling out his mobile phone and turning on its flashlight. "It was probably just storage." The second says, also turning on his own phone's flashlight. "See, look- old Atari cabinets are sitting back here." The second man aimed his flashlight over arcade cabinets. "They've got *Pong* here, too. That shows this is the original. Fuckin' ancient." He adds. "What the hell's even going to be back here, man, like-" The first one begins, stepping around the cabinets, only to see the bloodied and decaying Spring Bonnie suit slumped against the wall, in a pool of dried blood. "...Holy fuckin' *shit,* dude." He whispers. "Dude, dude- get over here." He ushers his partner over and points at the Spring Bonnie suit. "What the fuck?" The second one says, directing his phone flashlight over it. "There's no fucking way." He cackled. "Dude." The first one says, looking at the second.

*"We found one. A REAL one."*

-
