# 1
# MEATHOOK
### PALMER-EDEN UNDERGROUND, J-LEVEL, FLOOR ONE [REMNANTS, ILLINOIS]
### 12:44AM, CST
### FEBRUARY 2ND, 2087
#### CODENAME GRADIENT

*"Three...two...one."* The automated AI counted down slowly, and Gradient felt the sudden *thunk* of the tiny metal pod she was in hit the ground. It was riding along a rail that went deep into the Earth, and it had finally reached the bottom. *"Destination reached. Approximately three thousand metres underground, heat levels high. Suggested equipment settings: High-Powered, Heavy Armor, Heat Resistant. Detected anomalies within this sector of PALMER-EDEN Underground: Just under four thousand anomalies. Most are Xeno D-Class, and do not pose a threat. Most vicious anomalies are Xeno A-Class, but are located much further down. Have a pleasant day."* As soon as it finished its spiel, Gradient grabbed onto a set of levers in the pod, yanking them down. A hissing noise from the hydraulics of the front door filled her ears. As she pulled down the levers, a large, bulky helmet lowered itself over her head. It *clicked,* and sealed around her head cleanly. It connected to the rest of her armor, which used to be for PALMER-EDEN engineers just a few years ago. It was heavy-duty, suited for conditions like this, and *really fucking uncomfortable.* As she let go of the levers and flipped a few other switches in the pod, the hydraulic door started to open. Pulling her feet out of the footholds in the pod, she started to pull herself free of the pod. The heat was already leaking in as the door began to open. It was like a scorching blaze, even with the heat resistant engineer gear. The suit even had A/C, but it didn't seem to help. She wasn't even sure if it was on, as she had no idea how to use this suit at all. Climbing out of the pod, Gradient stepped out onto a metal platform - where all pods landed. There were a few already on the level, *J-LEVEL,* she remembered. And they were all open. Empty, though. A bad sign. Grabbing onto the holstered weapon on her right hip, she used her left hand to push down a couple buttons on the side of her helmet. One was a camera, which began to record from her point-of-view, and the other was the power switch for the suit's communication devices. "Checking in." She said, hearing the comms whirr to life. "Codename Gradient on J-LEVEL, floor six." Quietly, she waited for a response. It wasn't smart to keep moving deeper if, at this depth, she already couldn't get an answer. But, she got an answer. "Ground Team reads you, Gradient." A voice said. *Kellien's.* Her mind echoed. Kellien was nice, and probably the only one who actually cared about her. But that was neither here nor there at the moment. She turned to look at the empty pods, "Rest of Alpha Team seems to have already disembarked," She observed. "No signs of a struggle - must've been a clean entrance. May have gone missing deeper in. Repeat - may have gone missing deeper in." Gradient only repeated these words because she knew Kellien would miss these details. 

"Copy that," Kellien muttered. "Move deeper in. Palmer says you're clear to use lethal force." 

Gradient took a few steps forward, unholstering the large, bulky handgun and racking the slide. With her other hand, she yanked a strange contraption off of her utility belt and attached it to the front of the handgun. It whirred, and snapped onto the front tightly. As soon as it secured itself, it sprang open and seemed to spin around, trying to find the right way to go. Watching it patiently, Gradient saw it finally settle. It wasn't quite a suppressor, but it looked like one. What it *would* do, however, was feed energy into the bullets and make them more powerful. It would obliterate any D-Class that got close enough. *Alright, that'll do for now.* She thought. Looking up, she scanned the level with her eyes. The PALMER-EDEN Underground was supposed to have been a project that would save most of humanity. *Supposedly.* An underground city. Power for millenia. Self-sustainability, and no reason to go up to the surface. But it had failed. It had failed because of one strange thing the construction teams had discovered. Some kind of strange colony of creatures deep underground. At the point they'd been discovered, the project had almost been finished. From A-LEVEL to M-LEVEL, people were already living in the underground city. But then this colony of *things,* not quite bugs, but not aliens either, took over. They must have killed millions by this point. Anybody still living inside the underground city had to be above J-LEVEL because of the heat. The heat had come from the Xenos (what PALMER-EDEN called them) breaking most of the systems maintaining control over temperatures, humidity, and general quality of life. Anybody on the level when those systems broke had probably burned to death. Only specialized armor, like the engineer gear she had on, could survive. And even then, it was only for five hours. She began to walk down the platform and stairs, heading towards the main entrance for J-LEVEL. Streaks of burnt blood lined the walkway she crossed, which went over a small ravine that glowed with lava. Heading towards the entrance, she looked up. It was a large building that looked as though it was slowly melting away. Metal panels were peeling off the side of the building, and the large "ENTRANCE" text was melting aswell. It was rather unsettling. Even windows looked like they were melting - glass slowly dripping down the sides of the building. 

Inhaling, she promptly entered the building. Pushing open the doors, which seemed to protest by scraping loudly along the metal floor, she stepped into the lobby. It was slightly nicer than the industrial look that was outside, but because of the Xenos and the heat, it was still incredibly horrid. Blood, once more, coated the floors and walls. Burnt corpses, frozen in time, littered the lobby. There was a front desk, which looked as though it had almost melted completely. Burn marks covered most of it, but Gradient could just make out the words "CHECK-IN DESK" on the front. About fifty thousand people lived on this level, for about two weeks. And she was standing in the place where most of them died. If there weren't corpses here, they had completely burned to a crisp and disappeared into nothingness. None of the people on this level had survived. It was a ghost city - other than the Xeno D-Class bug-things that had settled in. And here she was, walking in like nothing had happened. Well, something *had* happened, and that was why she was down here. Alpha Team, one of PALMER-EDEN's exterminator teams, working on clearing the levels of any Xenos, had gone missing down here. Gradient had been sent down here to find them, and she was going to do exactly that. She walked past the welcome desk as quietly as she could, heading for the set of doors behind it. She went to grab the handle and push the doors open, but they wouldn't budge. Gradient tried to push harder, and harder. But it seemed like the doors were locked, somehow. When she peered through the glass on the doors, she saw a crowbar shoved through the handles on the other side. It wasn't some rusted, old crowbar, however. It was a brand new one. A sign that Alpha Team had been through here. Had they blocked the door for some reason? Gradient couldn't tell, and instead of trying to get the door open with her hands, she stepped back. Holstering her handgun for a brief moment, she reached down for her utility belt and flicked a switch on it. The lower half of the engineer suit seemed to whirr to life - Hinges around her knees sputtered to life and seemed to strengthen her legs. *Alright, door.* She cracked her neck from side to side before preparing to sprint straight at the door. Gradient planted her feet flat against the floor, and suddenly, lunged at the door with incredibly speed and immense force. She leaned forward so her shoulder hit the door, and on the other side, the crowbar snapped in two because of the amount of energy she'd put into the doors - with the help of the suit. On the other side of the doors, she walked down the hallway, heading for the main atrium of the underground city. Turning on her comms once more, she announced, "Got through the lobby. No signs of Alpha Team. Heading for the atrium next." As she pushed open the next set of doors and stepped out into the large atrium, she got a response, "Copy. You've still got five hours to look." Kellien said. Gradient pulled out the handgun once more as she looked around the atrium. A large, open space where you could see the cave's ceiling above you. It was almost like a mall - just far more industrial and purely for living. Down here, there was no such thing as "brand name clothes". It didn't matter, it *hadn't* mattered in years. Not since America and the rest of the world had traded nuclear bombs. Most cities had been burned to the ground. 

Everything had shattered. And then, like a glimmer of hope, PALMER-EDEN appeared from nowhere. Formerly a pharmaceutical company dabbling in strange things, they showed the world that they had a solution. On every news broadcast still going, the CEO showed every detail of his idea, his *dream* to save the world. It hadn't even taken a month before it all went to shit, once he'd gotten everyone into the underground city. And now he was responsible for the deaths of millions, after the world had already had enough death. And now she, Gradient, was stuck down here. Looking for some *dipshits* who couldn't do their job correctly. Ever since the Underground closed and went into "maintenance", there were extermination teams working around the clock to constantly clear out every level of the Underground. It never worked. Gradient knew that the endeavor was pointless - but she couldn't stop Palmer. It felt like she owed a debt to him, after he saved her from imminent death. *Whatever that death might've been...* She thought. She couldn't remember. Gradient assumed it had something to do with the bombs dropping. She'd lost her arms; Palmer had replaced them. She'd almost lost her life; Palmer saved her. The least she could do was work, but to her, she expected something less...menial. For whatever reason, Gradient assumed she would've gotten more special assignments. Instead, she'd gotten stuck with rescuing the extermination teams by herself. Solo. It was a suicide mission. As she walked through the atrium slowly, Gradient couldn't help but feel like she someone was watching her. *Something.* She corrected herself. Slowing down, Gradient suddenly heard a noise. Strange clicking, and...*chatter.* It was Xenos. That meant one thing: Alpha Team hadn't gotten very far. Extermination team protocols dictated that they should clean out the entrance first and foremost. They had *not* done that, and that meant...

Her thoughts were suddenly caught off as she heard a gross crunch under her feet. Her brow furrowed. She used her free hand to turn on her helmet's night vision, and she looked down. She had stepped on one of the Alpha Team squad members' hand. It had broken completely, and the blood that splattered out from it was already boiling. Their armor was torn to shreds, and their body was already burning. It looked as though they had been mauled. Slowly, she looked up at the higher levels of the atrium. Another one of Alpha Team was hanging from a chain, strung up like a piece of meat on a meat hook. Their organs were torn out of their body, and she could see their ribcage. Slowly, Gradient turned on her comms again. "Alpha Team is down. Repeat: Alpha Team is *down.*" She said, simply. "I'm commencing extraction. They're gone." Without waiting for a response, Gradient turned around swiftly and tried to head back towards the lobby. She was stopped in her tracks as soon as a D-Class Xeno landed in front of her with an unearthly buzz. It clicked and chattered, staring at her. It was a mess of legs, and mandibles. She couldn't tell what type it *exactly* was (D-class was its danger level) but it didn't matter. She spotted what looked like the face of a man stretched out of the bugs' abdomen. He was already dead - but his face was screaming for help. Without waiting for it to lunge at her, Gradient swung the handgun up, gripped it with both of her hands, and pulled the trigger. Not just once. Twice. And then three times. Each individual shot filled the atrium with a loud *BANG.* Every round fired lit the place up like fireworks, and the bullets pierced the bug cleanly, lodging themselves in its body before detonating. It was violent, but it was the only way to deal with the things. Reeling herself away from the bug, she continued to pop shots off in its direction. It clicked its mandibles and emitted some kind of screech as it got injured, and tried to scuttle its way towards Gradient. Dumping the empty magazine of her handgun, she quickly shoved in a new one and racked the slide. But it had gotten too close. Instead of trying to shoot it, she quickly holstered the handgun and firmly grabbed onto two of its mandibles, trying to keep it away from herself. She desperately pushed it down to the ground, using the strength the suit gave her to overwhelm the D-Class. Gradient punched it into the floor and it seemed to have gotten dazed by her punch. Standing up, she decided to use the moment she'd gotten.

She raised her foot, and stomped down on the bugs' head. It exploded in a blast of bug juice, and human remains.

Gradient kicked the bugs' corpse away and retreated back to the lobby, sprinting as fast as she could in the engineer's gear. It wasn't very fast at all - it was more like a light jog. And that annoyed her greatly, as she continued to retreat, heading back across the walkway and up to the pod platform. Turning on the comms once more, she reported, "Got a D-Class. I'm leaving, whether Palmer wants it or not. There's no reason to stay." She quickly climbed back into the pod, took hold of both of the levers on each side of her, and pushed them upwards. The pod's door slammed shut in front of her, and a mechanical arm gently pulled the bulky helmet off of her head. Underneath, she was sweating. A lot. The amount of hair Gradient had didn't help, either. It was a mess, and greasy. She hadn't been able to shower in a couple of days because of the amount of work she'd been through. But now, Gradient was hoping for a break. There was no Alpha Team to find. Not anymore. The pod's lights flicked on, enveloping Gradient in a shockingly blue light. It was the opposite of the strange orange glow that enveloped most of J-LEVEL. Gradient breathed a sigh of relief, feeling her entire body relax. The pod jostled suddenly, before lifting away from J-LEVEL. She was going back up to the surface. Back to safety.

# 2
# SKYSCRAPER
### REMNANTS, ILLINOIS
### 2:40PM, CST
### FEBRUARY 2ND, 2087
#### CODENAME GRADIENT

*I've only been awake for a few months. Martin Palmer unsealed my cryo pod, and told me he had work for me. I didn't remember who he was. I didn't even know who I was. He seemed confused by that...he asked me my name. I said I didn't remember. Then, he asked if I knew who he was. I said no. He looked at me, and I saw something in his eyes. Triumph? I could never be sure. He told me, "Not to worry." and helped me out of the pod. He was nice. I had vague memories of other people, but they were all negative. He was the only shining light in my foggy memory. The only one who helped...* She was thinking to herself again. The scene repeated in her head over and over. Gradient was standing at the window of her quarters, watching the city below. The PALMER-EDEN Elite Skyscraper housed all of its branches, including Security & Military, where Gradient was stationed. Her quarters, for whatever reason, were far, far up the skyscraper, and she had them to herself, unlike Kellien, who had to sleep with his squad. Martin saw something in her, she guessed, and that was why she was so high up. And up here, Gradient could see the crumbling city below. A bit of research had led her to learn that the PALMER-EDEN Elite Skyscraper was situated in the middle of an old U.S city called Chicago. Thirty odd years ago, the U.S engaged in a massive civil war, destroying almost all of the country. Every major city had fallen, the government had disappeared. And now all that was left were the companies fighting to survive. Most of them, at least. PALMER-EDEN rose above the rest, crushed its opposition, and cemented itself as the new government. For practical purposes. Gradient stared down at the deserted roads, the crumbling buildings...and only saw devastation. *Martin told me there was no way I could live normally, not without PALMER-EDEN. He said I didn't need to have a name...* She raised one of her hands to the glass, and let it rest against it. Her cybernetic hands looked complicated, and the cybernetics continued up her arms and stopped around her elbows. Her legs were partially cybernetic aswell, from the knees below. A large prosthetic was shoved into her right eye, effectively replacing it. Gradient had never asked why that had to happen, because it was the only one she'd had surgery for *after* waking up, as she'd woken up with the arms and the legs. It was painful. She could almost feel the pain flow through her face when she remembered the surgery. 

*It was after that. A day after, I was standing here just like I am now. He walked into my room. I looked at him, and he asked, again, what my name was. Maybe he was curious about something. I told him...I didn't have a name. I said I didn't need one. And he nodded, smiling.* She exhaled. Gradient was just a codename. In reality, she had no name. There wasn't a point, she thought. She knew nobody. It was all work. Wake up, work, go to sleep. *Wake up, work, go to sleep.* It was engraved in her mind. A neverending cycle of sleep, murder, and sweat. She stretched, and turned away from the window. She was wearing a tank top and a pair of black cargo pants. Half of her "above ground" ensemble. The rest was down in the equipment room, along with her weapons. Large boots resistant to the outside, a bulky and high tech military vest, and a backpack that attached to the vest. Pulling her phone off the table, Gradient checked it. It was where, if he couldn't get to her at the moment, Martin would contact her. And there *was* a message. Opening it, Gradient scanned it quickly. *Today, I'd like you to head outside. Kellien will give you some pointers. - M.* She put her phone down and immediately left her quarters. There was a thing to do today, and she had *nothing* else to do. Walking out of her quarters into the sterile white hallway that connected the other private quarters, Gradient walked towards the elevator at the end of the hallway. Pressing the button for it to open, she waited. After a few seconds of waiting, the doors opened with a soft clunk. Gradient stepped inside, and scanned the elevator buttons for the floor she needed to go to. *Floor...five.* She remembered, pressing the button. It glowed, acknowledging her request, and the elevator shunted downwards. *Floor five. Equipment & Preparation. One of the lowest levels of the Skyscrapers...* The Skyscraper was divided into five sections, for each PALMER-EDEN branch. The highest, just above where Gradient was, was the Medical Division. Below that was Cybernetic development. Where her cybernetic arms and legs were developed. The last two Divisions were split into Equipment & Preparation, where PALMER-EDEN developed tech for its security teams, and Gradient's level, the Military Division, was the final one, and the lowest. It was there to defend the entrances. 

The elevator came to a stop and its doors opened. Stepping out, Gradient looked around herself, at the large floor. The Equipment & Preparation Division was split into several levels, of course, but this one was packed with equipment racks and engineers working on larger modules such as turrets, and deployable command centers. She sidled her way through the many metal tables with firearms and blades on them, making her way towards the other end of the floor, where Alpha Team's gear was kept - in addition to her own. Pushing open the heavy metal door that led to the equipment room for Alpha Team, Gradient stepped in. It was a room filled with equipment. Weapon racks held dozens of in-house made PALMER-EDEN firearms, and blades hung from other racks. Gear like vests were neatly sorted into piles, and everything else was neatly tucked away into footlockers. The room itself had harsh white lights shining down on most of the tables, and the floor was a smooth white. The walls were soundproofed. Walking over to her footlocker, she flipped it open. Her gear was neatly tucked into it. She pulled out her combat boots and swapped out her normal shoes for them. She pulled out her custom made vest, and pulled it on, clicking it together. Checking the pockets on the vest, she began to shove pistol magazines into the pouches, aswell as energy cells. Pulling her pistol out from the footlocker, Gradient pulled the slide back to check if it was loaded. It wasn't, so she loaded it, slid it into its holster under her left arm, which was attached to the vest. Her upper arms were bare, and her cybernetics were on full display in the harsh equipment room light. Sleek black metal interwoven with carbon fibres, all the way up to her fingertips. Small panels with orange colors, indicating the prototype status of the cybernetic parts. Gradient flexed her cybernetic fingers, feeling some kind of...pain inside them. It wasn't really there. It never was. But it kept returning. She flicked her wrist, trying to get rid of the pain. *Won't go...* She thought. Instead, she sighed, and returned to retrieving her gear. Pulling out a sheathed blade, she attached it to her belt. It was a mostly metal blade, machined to a perfect sharpness. Its weight was perfectly balanced, making swings easy. It was PALMER-EDEN's finest blade. Finally, she attached her backpack to her vest. It wasn't massive, but it held the essentials.

Rolling her shoulders back and making sure she had no muscle problems, Gradient turned around, only to see Kellien enter the equipment room. "...Oh." Gradient muttered. "Good morning." She said, quietly. "Hey." Kellien said, walking over to his own footlocker. He was a rough looking man, in his thirties. He was around before the destruction of the U.S, but that didn't mean much. "So, uh..." He started to say, sifting through his footlocker, and getting his gear ready. "Palmer wants you to scout out this one building, east of here. Some of our satellites picked up a *lot* of movement out there." He pulled a pair of gloves on, and Gradient crossed her arms. "Why me?" She asked. Kellien shrugged. "Just get out there, Gradient." He said, sighing. "Your motorbike's ready down in the garages, and it's already loaded with the coords." He continued. Gradient nodded, "Y'sir." she said, heading back towards the door. Leaving the equipment room, she headed down a set of stairs, going all the way down to the garages on the very first floor of the skyscraper. It was a big of a trek, but on mornings like this, she preferred to walk down instead of taking the elevator. Entering the garages, Gradient looked around at all the vehicles sitting dormant. Most weren't able to be used - old pickup trucks and sedans used as salvage for newer models. However, in one of the bays, sat Gradient's personal Hammerhead DC-01X, a motorcycle that PALMER-EDEN had retrieved from their competitor, Hammerhead. It was one of the best motorcycles still in production, able to tackle the climate of the U.S Remnants with little to no trouble. It was sleek, curved like a running leopard. The garage bay's door was closed, but even then, a few of the windows were letting light spill in. The light was harsh. Slowly, Gradient climbed onto the motorcycle, and grabbed onto the handles. Flicking a few switches on, the motorcycle flared to life with a quiet whirr, which got higher and higher in tone until it faded away, out of human hearing range. The instruments flickered on as the motorcycle quivered in anticipation. Gradient pressed down on a button on the motorcycle's HUD, and the garage bay door. As the door slowly opened, squeaking and creaking, Gradient reached behind her and yanked a respirator mask off of her back pack, pulling it over her face. *First time outside in days.* She thought. *Three.* She tapped her foot against the motorcycle's pedal as she counted. *Two.* The garage door had almost opened completely. The harsh light now enveloped most of the bay. *One.* And with a loud clunk, the garage door stopped moving. Holding tight onto the handlebars, Gradient let the motorcycle do its thing. In one swift motion, the motorcycle whirred once more and shot off into the daylight. Into the Remnants.

The sun's heat hit hard as soon as the motorcycle hit the crackling pavement that surrounded the PALMER-EDEN Skyscraper, and as it continued further, slight bumps caused the bike to jump a little. Gradient leaned down further, pressing herself against the bike so as not to be flung off suddenly. The crumbling buildings flew by, as did the small dunes of sand that had formed over the past thirty years. Some streets were completely blocked off by sand, and others were still open - but occupied by strange people...cannibals, thieves, and even the undead. But most of them tried to stay inside. As the motorcycle weaved in and around the streets, avoiding the various wreckages of old vehicles, Gradient looked down at the instruments. The route, she noticed, was straight towards the second tallest tower in the city. Recalling the history she'd read up on, the building used to be called the Pierce Building. She didn't know what it was used for, but it was notable enough to have old pictures sitting around in PALMER-EDEN's database. As she weaved around a large semi truck half buried in sand, she noticed a group on the road. Digging her heels into the pedals, she forced the motorcycle to slide to a stop. It skidded along the crumbling paved road before coming to a complete halt. The group had set up some kind of checkpoint, made out of scrap metal and wood. *Great.* She thought, climbing off her motorcycle. Taking hold of her sheathed blade, she walked slowly towards the group. "'Ey." One of them spat. "No passin' through unless you've got your payment." Payment? What were these people on? Money had become pointless. "The hell's a payment supposed to be for?" Gradient asked, pulling off her respirator, and shoving it back into her bag, "Are you aware of how useless currency is these days?" One of them scoffed at her, and replied, "Ain't currency." Gradient cocked her head at them, "Then what the hell do you want?" she asked, beginning to get suspicious. One of them walked forward, and Gradient immediately came to a halt. "Hands on you." They said. *The fuck?* She thought. They didn't look *that* crazy, but as the man lunged at her, Gradient instinctively unsheathed her blade and sliced his arms off in one clean motion. Bewildered, the man stumbled back. His arms hit the ground, splattering blood everywhere. The rest of the strange group suddenly jumped into action, lunging at Gradient. 

<sup><sub>Note: Cue We've Got Hostiles from morch kovalski's "Unforeseen Consequences"</sub></sup>

The first one to get close enough to her pulled out some kind of knife, but wasn't fast enough to stab her. Instead, Gradient ducked under their attempted stab and slashed their shins, before lunging upwards and forcing her blade through the bottom of the attacker's chin. It went straight through their skull, ripped their brain apart, and killed them instantly. Gradient let go of her blade and let the attacker fall to the ground, and instead of retrieving her blade for now, she pulled out her pistol and shot down the rest of the attackers. The bullets exploded upon impact, doing more damage than an antique pistol ever could. The group fell to the floor, but they weren't quite dead. Ripping her blade out of the man's skull, she walked towards the ones still alive, who were now bleeding on the ground. Gradient looked down at who she thought was the leader of the group, and watched him struggle. He seemed to suddenly pull out something, and press a button on it. It looked like some kind of makeshift device. "Not...the end." He gasped. "You don't...mess with us, we-" But she'd had it. They were already getting in the way of her task, but they'd also gotten far too close to the PALMER-EDEN building. Other people would also get stopped by them if she didn't do anything. Gradient shot the man in the head before he could finish speaking. And then she turned her pistol on the other people in the group, shooting each until she was sure they were dead. She sighed, before sheathing her blade. But something didn't feel right. *What was that thing?* She thought, grabbing the device out of the leader's hand. It was an old cellphone with a large mechanical button attached to the back, wired to the phone itself. A small makeshift antenna was attached aswell. *Some kind of signal?* Gradient wondered, looking up. And then she heard something. More footsteps. The barricade the raiders had made suddenly broke open, and a dozen more of them leaped through. "Oh, fuck-" She spat, reloading her pistol. Backing up fast, she started wildly firing her pistol. Most of the shots missed, and, due to her panic, the ones that *did* connect barely did anything. The raiders pulled out their own firearms, and Gradient realized what a mistake she'd made. She'd pissed off a bunch of them at once. She could handle a small group, but not a swarm like this. As she holstered her pistol and tried to sprint towards her motorcycle, it suddenly became harder and harder to sprint.

Her legs pushed harder, and harder, yet she was only slowing down. It began to feel like she was pushing through a thick gel, unable to move. Something was happening. Forcing her head back, her eye went wide. The raiders were moving slowly too. Their movements looked floaty, as if...they were in slow motion. Gradient pushed even harder, but found herself unable to move. Completely. Time had stopped. A blue haze began to settle in, coating everything. She was frozen. *Frozen.* Unable to move her head now, all she could do was stare at the frozen raiders. *What is causing this? What the fuck is happening?* Her mind screamed. And then, as if trying to answer her question, a shadow enveloped the sun above them. It wasn't the moon. It was something else. Everything was plunged into darkness. And she couldn't move an inch. She heard footsteps, suddenly. Echoing footsteps were the only thing she could hear. A bright blue glow suddenly appeared in her vision, taking the form of a person. It seemed to pull out some kind of blade, like Gradient's, and twirled it around. In a sudden flash of light, the mysterious figure killed the dozen raiders trying to get to Gradient. *What...the fuck?* Gradient thought, staring in shock. As the raiders were blasted apart at their abdomens, frozen in time, the glowing figure turned towards Gradient. That was when she noticed something...the haze that was enveloping the street was mesh. The figure was polygonal, blocky. Yet you could still tell it was a human. *What...is happening?* She tried to think at the figure. It walked closer.

*"You can't die."* It echoed. And it repeated. *"You can't die. You can't die."* There was no mouth for it to speak from, and its voice seemed to be in her own head. The voice was feminine. *Why?* She thought at it. *Tell me, why can't I die?* It turned away from her, flexing its blocky fingers. *"Else it'll have all been for nothing."* It echoed. *What are you? Who are you?* Her mind screamed. But it didn't respond. It faded away. As did the mesh covering everything. Instead of easing Gradient out of the time freeze, everything suddenly started moving again. She slammed face first into the paved road, unable to keep her balance. She realized she hadn't been able to breathe the whole time, and her body was trying to compensate by hyperventilating. Gradient coughed, trying to pull herself up. But she couldn't. Her arms *really* hurt. Her hands were in immense pain...why? *Why?* She thought. *Why do they hurt? They shouldn't hurt...I can't...feel them.* Feeling a sudden burst of exhaustion, she felt herself quivering. Gradient felt sick. Whatever just happened to her, it made her feel like complete *shit.* "Gradient! Gradient?!" Her radio suddenly crackled to life. "Gradient, are you alright?" It was Kellien. Twisting a knob on the radio attached to her vest, she coughed again, before weakly responding, "...Yes. Yes, I'm alive. I'm fine." She was *not* fine, but she didn't have the energy to explain to Kellien what just happened. "You *completely* disappeared from out SATNAV, you know that, right? Palmer got scared shitless when that happened." He said, nervously. "Seriously. What the *hell* happened?" Gradient finally pulled herself up and collapsed next to her motorcycle, leaning against it. "I don't *fucking* know." She muttered. "I just...need...a second." It was a struggle to even speak. Whatever had just happened had not only made her feel sick, but it had sapped her of all her energy. She let her head rest against the motorcycle. "Gradient, seriously...I can't just..." Kellien was sputtering, but Gradient couldn't muster the energy to respond. "Just-" Gradient tried to say, "...just let me...do my job. *Please.*" Her speech was slurring. "Jesus, Gradient-" Kellien said, "Stay put. We're coming to get you. You don't sound fine at all."

No, no, *no.* Gradient pulled herself up, using the motorcycle was support. "No you fucking do *not...*" She sputtered, but she got no response. Sweating profusely, she felt even worse than she already did. But she didn't *need* help. She didn't want to waste Kellien's time, but it was already too late...and then she looked up. The sun was gone. The moon was high in the sky.

That thing hadn't just frozen time. It had shunted her forwards. She slid down the side of the motorcycle again, and coughed up blood. *Shit...*

# 3
# VITALS
### REMNANTS, ILLINOIS
### 3:20AM, CST
### FEBRUARY 3RD, 2087
#### CODENAME GRADIENT

"I told you, I'm *fine.*" Gradient tried to say for the tenth time, but Kellien wouldn't hear it. He had already checked her blood pressure, her muscles, and everything else he thought might be the problem. "Jesus..." He muttered, "It's like something just- sapped you of energy." He held up a camera, scanning Gradient's body with it. "It's saying that you haven't eaten in a week. But I literally saw you eating dinner yesterday...what is going on?" He sounded just as confused as Gradient felt. They were still sitting on the street. The rest of Kellien's squad, Alpha Team, were securing the perimeter and tearing down the checkpoint the raiders had made. The darkness of the night was pressing down on everybody. The stars were bright, though some were obscured by the dark husks of buildings. The only lights down on the surface were those that Alpha Team had put up. "Okay, well...if I just..." Kellien muttered, pulling open his backpack. He pulled out some kind of syringe and carefully injected Gradient in the arm. "That'll help you feel...uh...*not* hungry for now. But you need to eat something, ASAP." Gradient shook her head, "S'fine. I'll live." she muttered. At the very least, she was beginning to feel better. When Kellien and Alpha Team had arrived, she felt as though she was on the verge of vomiting. Now, it had subsided. She'd stopped shaking. Inhaling deeply, she felt her lip quiver. "Alright," Kellien sighed, "I guess you're able again." He picked up his backpack, and pulled it over his shoulders. "Palmer's pissed, it seems. He might know what happened. But," He said, "He says your mission's still more important. Scout that place out, then immediately return. His words." Gradient nodded, pulling herself up and climbing onto her motorcycle. She felt rejuvenated by the syringe. "*Why* am I scouting the place out, though? Any specifics?" She asked. Kellien shook his head, "Nada. Palmer just wants someone to look there, says he thinks something's going on there. So just...take notes of everything." He said. "Alright," Gradient mumbled, turning the motorcycle back on with a soft whirr. She drove off, weaving through the checkpoint being taken apart. Getting through it, she turned the motorcycle's headlights on. Extremely powerful beams illuminated the road ahead, and Gradient could now get to the Pierce Building with ease. Assuming...that *thing* didn't show up again.
