# 1
# MEATHOOK
### PALMER-EDEN UNDERGROUND, J-LEVEL, FLOOR ONE [REMNANTS, U.S.A]
### 12:44AM, CST
### FEBRUARY 2ND, 2087
#### CODENAME GRADIENT

*"Three...two...one."* The automated AI counted down slowly, and Gradient felt the sudden *thunk* of the tiny metal pod she was in hit the ground. It was riding along a rail that went deep into the Earth, and it had finally reached the bottom. *"Destination reached. Approximately three thousand metres underground, heat levels high. Suggested equipment settings: High-Powered, Heavy Armor, Heat Resistant. Detected anomalies within this sector of PALMER-EDEN Underground: Just under four thousand anomalies. Most are Xeno D-Class, and do not pose a threat. Most vicious anomalies are Xeno A-Class, but are located much further down. Have a pleasant day."* As soon as it finished its spiel, Gradient grabbed onto a set of levers in the pod, yanking them down. A hissing noise from the hydraulics of the front door filled her ears. As she pulled down the levers, a large, bulky helmet lowered itself over her head. It *clicked,* and sealed around her head cleanly. It connected to the rest of her armor, which used to be for PALMER-EDEN engineers just a few years ago. It was heavy-duty, suited for conditions like this, and *really fucking uncomfortable.* As she let go of the levers and flipped a few other switches in the pod, the hydraulic door started to open. Pulling her feet out of the footholds in the pod, she started to pull herself free of the pod. The heat was already leaking in as the door began to open. It was like a scorching blaze, even with the heat resistant engineer gear. The suit even had A/C, but it didn't seem to help. She wasn't even sure if it was on, as she had no idea how to use this suit at all. Climbing out of the pod, Gradient stepped out onto a metal platform - where all pods landed. There were a few already on the level (J-LEVEL, she remembered), and they were all open. And empty. A bad sign. Grabbing onto the holstered weapon on her right hip, she used her left hand to push down a couple buttons on the side of her helmet. One was a camera, which began to record from her point-of-view, and the other was the power switch for the suit's communication devices. "Checking in." She said, hearing the comms whirr to life. "Codename Gradient on J-LEVEL, floor six." Quietly, she waited for a response. It wasn't smart to keep moving deeper if, at this depth, she already couldn't get an answer. But, she got an answer. "Ground Team reads you, Gradient." A voice said. *Kellien's.* Her mind echoed. Kellien was nice, and probably the only one who actually cared about her. But that was neither here nor there at the moment. She turned to look at the empty pods, "Rest of Alpha Team seems to have already disembarked," She observed. "No signs of a struggle - must've been a clean entrance. May have gone missing deeper in. Repeat - may have gone missing deeper in." Gradient only repeated these words because she knew Kellien would miss these details. 

"Copy that," Kellien muttered. "Move deeper in. Palmer says you're clear to use lethal force." 

Gradient took a few steps forward, unholstering the large, bulky handgun and racking the slide. With her other hand, she yanked a strange contraption off of her utility belt and attached it to the front of the handgun. It whirred, and snapped onto the front tightly. As soon as it secured itself, it sprang open and seemed to spin around, trying to find the right way to go. Watching it patiently, Gradient saw it finally settle. It wasn't quite a suppressor, but it looked like one. What it *would* do, however, was feed energy into the bullets and make them more powerful. It would obliterate any D-Class that got close enough. *Alright, that'll do for now.* She thought. Looking up, she scanned the level with her eyes. The PALMER-EDEN Underground was supposed to have been a project that would save most of humanity. *Supposedly.* An underground city. Power for millenia. Self-sustainability, and no reason to go up to the surface. But it had failed. It had failed because of one strange thing the construction teams had discovered. Some kind of strange colony of creatures deep underground. At the point they'd been discovered, the project had almost been finished. From A-LEVEL to M-LEVEL, people were already living in the underground city. But then this colony of *things,* not quite bugs, but not aliens either, took over. They must have killed millions by this point. Anybody still living inside the underground city had to be above J-LEVEL because of the heat. The heat had come from the Xenos (what PALMER-EDEN called them) breaking most of the systems maintaining control over temperatures, humidity, and general quality of life. Anybody on the level when those systems broke had probably burned to death. Only specialized armor, like the engineer gear she had on, could survive. And even then, it was only for five hours. She began to walk down the platform and stairs, heading towards the main entrance for J-LEVEL. Streaks of burnt blood lined the walkway she crossed, which went over a small ravine that glowed with lava. Heading towards the entrance, she looked up. It was a large building that looked as though it was slowly melting away. Metal panels were peeling off the side of the building, and the large "ENTRANCE" text was melting aswell. It was rather unsettling. Even windows looked like they were melting - glass slowly dripping down the sides of the building. 

Inhaling, she promptly entered the building. Pushing open the doors, which seemed to protest by scraping loudly along the metal floor, she stepped into the lobby. It was slightly nicer than the industrial look that was outside, but because of the Xenos and the heat, it was still incredibly horrid. Blood, once more, coated the floors and walls. Burnt corpses, frozen in time, littered the lobby. There was a front desk, which looked as though it had almost melted completely. Burn marks covered most of it, but Gradient could just make out the words "CHECK-IN DESK" on the front. About fifty thousand people lived on this level, for about two weeks. And she was standing in the place where most of them died. If there weren't corpses here, they had completely burned to a crisp and disappeared into nothingness. None of the people on this level had survived. It was a ghost city - other than the Xeno D-Class bug-things that had settled in. And here she was, walking in like nothing had happened. Well, something *had* happened, and that was why she was down here. Alpha Team, one of PALMER-EDEN's exterminator teams, working on clearing the levels of any Xenos, had gone missing down here. Gradient had been sent down here to find them, and she was going to do exactly that. She walked past the welcome desk as quietly as she could, heading for the set of doors behind it. She went to grab the handle and push the doors open, but they wouldn't budge. Gradient tried to push harder, and harder. But it seemed like the doors were locked, somehow. When she peered through the glass on the doors, she saw a crowbar shoved through the handles on the other side. It wasn't some rusted, old crowbar, however. It was a brand new one. A sign that Alpha Team had been through here. Had they blocked the door for some reason? Gradient couldn't tell, and instead of trying to get the door open with her hands, she stepped back. Holstering her handgun for a brief moment, she reached down for her utility belt and flicked a switch on it. The lower half of the engineer suit seemed to whirr to life - Hinges around her knees sputtered to life and seemed to strengthen her legs. *Alright, door.* She cracked her neck from side to side before preparing to sprint straight at the door. Gradient planted her feet flat against the floor, and suddenly, lunged at the door with incredibly speed and immense force. She leaned forward so her shoulder hit the door, and on the other side, the crowbar snapped in two because of the amount of energy she'd put into the doors - with the help of the suit. On the other side of the doors, she walked down the hallway, heading for the main atrium of the underground city. Turning on her comms once more, she announced, "Got through the lobby. No signs of Alpha Team. Heading for the atrium next." As she pushed open the next set of doors and stepped out into the large atrium, she got a response, "Copy. You've still got five hours to look." Kellien said. Gradient pulled out the handgun once more as she looked around the atrium. A large, open space where you could see the cave's ceiling above you. It was almost like a mall - just far more industrial and purely for living. Down here, there was no such thing as "brand name clothes". It didn't matter, it *hadn't* mattered in years. Not since America and the rest of the world had traded nuclear bombs. Most cities had been burned to the ground. 

Everything had shattered. And then, like a glimmer of hope, PALMER-EDEN appeared from nowhere. Formerly a pharmaceutical company dabbling in strange things, they showed the world that they had a solution. On every news broadcast still going, the CEO showed every detail of his idea, his *dream* to save the world. It hadn't even taken a month before it all went to shit, once he'd gotten everyone into the underground city. And now he was responsible for the deaths of millions, after the world had already had enough death. And now she, Gradient, was stuck down here. Looking for some *dipshits* who couldn't do their job correctly. Ever since the Underground closed and went into "maintenance", there were extermination teams working around the clock to constantly clear out every level of the Underground. It never worked. Gradient knew that the endeavor was pointless - but she couldn't stop Palmer. It felt like she owed a debt to him, after he saved her from imminent death. *Whatever that death might've been...* She thought. She couldn't remember. Gradient assumed it had something to do with the bombs dropping. She'd lost her arms; Palmer had replaced them. She'd almost lost her life; Palmer saved her. The least she could do was work, but to her, she expected something less...menial. For whatever reason, Gradient assumed she would've gotten more special assignments. Instead, she'd gotten stuck with rescuing the extermination teams by herself. Solo. It was a suicide mission. As she walked through the atrium slowly, Gradient couldn't help but feel like she someone was watching her. *Something.* She corrected herself. Slowing down, Gradient suddenly heard a noise. Strange clicking, and...*chatter.* It was Xenos. That meant one thing: Alpha Team hadn't gotten very far. Extermination team protocols dictated that they should clean out the entrance first and foremost. They had *not* done that, and that meant...

Her thoughts were suddenly caught off as she heard a gross crunch under her feet. Her brow furrowed. She used her free hand to turn on her helmet's night vision, and she looked down. She had stepped on one of the Alpha Team squad members' hand. It had broken completely, and the blood that splattered out from it was already boiling. Their armor was torn to shreds, and their body was already burning. It looked as though they had been mauled. Slowly, she looked up at the higher levels of the atrium. Another one of Alpha Team was hanging from a chain, strung up like a piece of meat on a meat hook. Their organs were torn out of their body, and she could see their ribcage. Slowly, Gradient turned on her comms again. "Alpha Team is down. Repeat: Alpha Team is *down.*" She said, simply. "I'm commencing extraction. They're gone." Without waiting for a response, Gradient turned around swiftly and tried to head back towards the lobby. She was stopped in her tracks as soon as a D-Class Xeno landed in front of her with an unearthly buzz. It clicked and chattered, staring at her. It was a mess of legs, and mandibles. She couldn't tell what type it *exactly* was (D-class was its danger level) but it didn't matter. She spotted what looked like the face of a man stretched out of the bugs' abdomen. He was already dead - but his face was screaming for help. Without waiting for it to lunge at her, Gradient swung the handgun up, gripped it with both of her hands, and pulled the trigger. Not just once. Twice. And then three times. Each individual shot filled the atrium with a loud *BANG.* Every round fired lit the place up like fireworks, and the bullets pierced the bug cleanly, lodging themselves in its body before detonating. It was violent, but it was the only way to deal with the things. Reeling herself away from the bug, she continued to pop shots off in its direction. It clicked its mandibles and emitted some kind of screech as it got injured, and tried to scuttle its way towards Gradient. Dumping the empty magazine of her handgun, she quickly shoved in a new one and racked the slide. But it had gotten too close. Instead of trying to shoot it, she quickly holstered the handgun and firmly grabbed onto two of its mandibles, trying to keep it away from herself. She desperately pushed it down to the ground, using the strength the suit gave her to overwhelm the D-Class. Gradient punched it into the floor and it seemed to have gotten dazed by her punch. Standing up, she decided to use the moment she'd gotten.

She raised her foot, and stomped down on the bugs' head. It exploded in a blast of bug juice, and human remains.

Gradient kicked the bugs' corpse away and retreated back to the lobby, sprinting as fast as she could in the engineer's gear. It wasn't very fast at all - it was more like a light jog. And that annoyed her greatly, as she continued to retreat, heading back across the walkway and up to the pod platform. Turning on the comms once more, she reported, "Got a D-Class. I'm leaving, whether Palmer wants it or not. There's no reason to stay." She quickly climbed back into the pod, took hold of both of the levers on each side of her, and pushed them upwards. The pod's door slammed shut in front of her, and a mechanical arm gently pulled the bulky helmet off of her head. Underneath, she was sweating. A lot. The amount of hair Gradient had didn't help, either. It was a mess, and greasy. She hadn't been able to shower in a couple of days because of the amount of work she'd been through. But now, Gradient was hoping for a break. There was no Alpha Team to find. Not anymore. The pod's lights flicked on, enveloping Gradient in a shockingly blue light. It was the opposite of the strange orange glow that enveloped most of J-LEVEL. Gradient breathed a sigh of relief, feeling her entire body relax. The pod jostled suddenly, before lifting away from J-LEVEL. She was going back up to the surface. Back to safety.

# 2
# POWER DOWN
### REMNANTS, U.S.A
### 2:40PM, CST
### FEBRUARY 2ND, 2087
#### CODENAME GRADIENT
