## Back in the Saddle
## 10:02 PM, CST
### Chicago, Illinois
#### Cisila J. Siveta, 26
#### November 30th, 2035

Cisila gently closed the hood of the white Mazda RX-7 FC3S, making sure it was shut tight. The dim garage looked less inviting than usual, the rain outside pounding down on the roof. The FC sat in the middle of the garage, now mostly unused. Cisila stared at its windshield, regretting having not been able to use it for the past couple of months. Its pop-up headlights were flush with the hood of the car, and she noticed there was a thin, *thin* layer of dust on the car. She'd forgotten to pull the tarp over it. *Man.* She thought, sliding her hand across the hood, wiping the dust away. Sighing to herself, Cisila tried to think of what she could do about this. She could wash the car here, or take it out. But she was uncertain of whether or not she wanted to take it for a drive. But seeing Stephanie drive that Nissan...it did give her some sense of feeling again. She had near perfect control of the car for what she wanted to use it for. But there was one thing Stephanie couldn't quite do that Cisila *could.* And that was drift competently. This white FC with the purple trim...it was the perfect drift machine that was currently in Chicago. The simple cosmetic modifications to make the bumper lower to the ground, and other parts to make a more rigid and angular appearance, coupled with the modified suspension, engine parts and tires. The rear wheel drive compared to the Nissan Skyline's all wheel drive made it much easier to drift. But Cisila hadn't practiced in a while...maybe it *was* time to go up Skeller Pass again and give the old girl a spin. Cisila pulled her phone out of her pocket and called Lyla, lifting her phone up to her ear. "Hey...what's up?" Lyla said as the call started. "I'm up at the lighthouse..." Cisila began, putting her free hand in her pocket, "Just thought I'd let you know I'm taking the FC out for a drive." She walked around the car, watching it. "Alright." Lyla replied, sounding tired. "Well, call me when you get back. Should note, though..." She trailed off. "Should know what?" Cisila asked. "Steph's out." Lyla muttered, "Took her car. You might run into her." Oh. Great. Cisila knew how much Stephanie liked to use Skeller Pass as a place to drive alone. There was a pretty high chance she'd run into Stephanie...and Stephanie had no idea Cisila owned an FC. What could happen? \
Maybe nothing would happen. It probably didn't matter, anyways. "Right-o." Cisila finally responded, opening the door to the RX-7 FC. "I'll talk to you later. Bye-bye." She said, and Lyla said goodbye to her aswell. Cisila put her phone away and stepped into the car, slamming the door shut as she did. The steering wheel and pedals, just like the Nissan, were on the right-hand side of the car. It was straight from Japan. *Okay.* She thought, sliding her hands onto the leather steering wheel. It was sturdy, and the black leather felt as nice as it always did. The interior, unlike the exterior, was a deep purple. Her favourite colour. The seats, the inside of the doors...everything she could fit it into without making it look ridiculous. The exterior was primarily white, with a purple trim running along the bottom sides of the car, aswell as the bottom of the front and rear bumpers. The tires' rims were a very deep purple, nearly black. From her pocket, Cisila pulled out her keyring and found the ignition key. *Alright.* She thought, leaning back into the seat. The interior of the car felt warm and inviting. Sliding the key into the ignition, she felt the key resist her slightly as the metal uncomfortably shunted and scraped against the sides of the keyhole. Cisila twisted the key and the engine roared to life. It was a 13B rotary engine, the same as the stock engine, but Cisila had swapped out a lot of its parts in order to make the rotary engine less tempermental than they were known to be. Most notably swapped out was the turbocharger, which had been replaced by a higher quality and more powerful one, giving the engine more of a boost, letting the car gain more speed on straightaways. "Alright." Cisila said out loud, to nobody in particular. She patted the wheel with one of her hands, "Let's give you a stretch." She settled her feet down on the pedals, her left settled on the clutch to the far left, and her right on the gas. Pulling out her phone to open the garage door, she used her other hand to flick on the headlights, which popped up in place, as if the car was opening its eyes after a long slumber. The garage door began to slide open, screeching and squeaking as it did, and Cisila put her phone away, pulling her seatbelt on. Easing her foot down onto the gas pedal, the Mazda inched towards the garage door before Cisila pushed the gas pedal down further. The car sped up and exited the garage, jostling as the wheels landed on the slightly lower and uneven dirt road connecting the garage to the main road ahead. The rain immediately began pouring down onto the car and Cisila couldn't even tell when the dust disappeared...it was just *gone.* Turning on the windshield wipers, Cisila led the car down the empty dirt road, its bright lights illuminating the path ahead. Everything around her was pitch black, even the sky...the dark clouds blocked out the stars and the moon. *Wish it was a little clearer, but...I don't care that much.* She thought as she pulled the car out onto the road and immediately pushed the gas pedal as far down as it would go. The rear wheels resisted for a second, slipping, before the car shot forward and Cisila latched onto the stick shift and pulled it as she noticed the RPM getting higher and higher, the car's engine . It shifted the car into second gear with a soft, sturdy *thunk.* She took a left towards Skeller Pass, the same exact route Stephanie had taken in the R32 to catch the Crow, and subsequently escape from the Dragons. 

-

As the RX-7 FC reached the top of the mountain and hurtled past the abandoned gas station hidden in the night, something in the rearview mirror glinted. *Huh?* Cisila looked up at the mirror, only to see a pair of white headlights shining behind her, shining pinpricks of light through the sheets of rain pouring down on the road. The roar of the car's engine grew louder and stronger as the headlights grew larger, the car gaining on Cisila's FC. Hidden in the darkness, Cisila couldn't see the driver, or even the car itself. That meant it was a black car, and the engine...Cisila recognized the distinct roar as a Nissan RB26DETT. *You're kidding. It's Steph?* She thought, pushing her foot down on the gas, glancing once more at the Nissan Skyline GT-R BNR32 behind her. It was gaining on her rapidly. *Seems like she wants to play, too.* There was no way Stephanie could know that the driver was Cisila. As the rotary engine whirred harder, the FC sped up and Cisila thunked the stick shfit into the next gear. The way this was going, Stephanie might challenge Cisila to impromptu *tōge* on Skeller Pass, a mountain race. *I don't think she knows what she's about to get into. If that's actually her...* As the rain poured down harder, the two cars kicked up a watery mist behind them as their tires skidded through the rain. Cisila felt the downhill incline begin, and pushed the gas pedal to the floor. The RPM immediately shot up and Cisila advanced the car into its next and final gear, fifth. The speedometer was rising slowly, now at about 165 km/h as the road opened up slightly. Cisila pulled the car to the right, prepared for the first sharp hairpin turn. The GT-R followed behind her, still gaining on her. The engine roared behind Cisila as the front bumper of the R32 got dangerously close to the rear bumper of the FC, and Cisila glanced at the rearview mirror, wondering *what* Stephanie was doing. Spotting Stephanie in the driver's seat, Cisila's left eye twitched. It *was* her and she looked serious. The first turn was approaching, and fast, so if Stephanie didn't get out of the way, the bumper of the FC was going to slam into the R32, sending both out of control. But just as Cisila was about to abandon her move, the GT-R backed off, its brakes screeching as its brake lights shone bright red behind it, illuminating the curtains of rain behind the car. *That's it. Good.* Cisila thought as the straightaway suddenly ended in a corner, and she stamped her left foot down on the brakes, her heel against the gas, acting as a manual ABS (assisted braking system). The brakes screeched loudly as the calipers clamped down on the discs, which began to glow a hot orange before she let off the brake, and stamped her left foot down on the clutch pedal, before lifting her foot off as fast as she could. Keeping her right foot on the gas in case of an emergency as she whipped the wheel to the right, Cisila turned the front of the car inwards into a four wheel drift, getting the bumper extremely close to the inner guardrail as she pulled the wheel to the left into a drift around the hairpin turn. Downshifting the car with her left hand all the way back to second gear, the wheels kicked up a thick mist of water in the FC's wake. Glancing up at the rearview mirror again whilst keeping a steady grip on the wheel, Cisila wasn't surprised to see the R32 right behind her, Stephanie using its all-wheel-drive and braking power to pull the car around the turn without drifting. Its headlights shone through the FC's interior, illuminating Cisila briefly before the turn opened back up into a straightaway and she straightened out the car, slamming back down on the gas. The car rocketed forward, but the R32 easily kept up, its acceleration far superior to the FC. \
*Jesus, that thing can keep up.* Cisila thought, carefully watching the mirror to make sure Steph didn't try anything on the straightaway. *I should've known.* She had been in the car, after all, and had seen what Stephanie could do in it. The next turn, a less sharp left turn, was coming up fast. It was a high speed corner that Cisila could easily drift through, creating a gap between the GT-R and the FC, as she knew that the GT-R R32 didn't do well in high speed corners, and the only reason it had kept up in the last one was because it was *the* low-speed hairpin car of the 1990s. "Let's see if you can keep up with *this*..." Cisila muttered, stamping down on the brake with her right foot, its heel on the gas once more as the left turn appeared, before slamming her left down on the clutch and quickly lifting off, disengaging the rear wheels for a brief moment to get the car sideways. The bumper of the FC got dangerously close to the inner guardrail as the drift sustained the speed the FC had already gained, while the GT-R fought the corner, still close enough to be a threat. More water kicked up beneath the tires of both cars as the rain fell harder and harder, before Cisila pulled the car back into its normal orientation and pushed down on the gas once more, lifting her foot off the brake and advancing the car's gears. She heard the exhaust pop as she exited the drift, and the car rocketed ahead of the R32, but not for long. Now there was a long straightaway that would likely let Stephanie get ahead...but past it was an intense hairpin turn that would surely force Stephanie to drift, and Cisila knew she wasn't keen to do it. Stephanie *could* do it, she also knew, which made Cisila's next move harder. Did she keep the inside, or should she let the R32 ahead? It was unlikely that she would be able to get past it again once it got ahead, so Cisila shook her head and pulled the stick shift into the next gear. She would stay ahead, as long as she could. Glancing at the rearview mirror, she spotted the R32 moving to the outside line. *What is she doing?* Stephanie knew there was a sharp left turn this way, and the outside line was the complete wrong way to go. The spot where Cisila knew she had to brake was rapidly approaching, but the R32 pulled to the side and began to pass the FC. *"What the fuck are you doing...?!"* Cisila hissed, stamping down on the brakes, their metal screeching echoing through the trees and the rain. The R32 continued ahead, without braking. Her FC now behind it, Cisila saw that its four distinct tail lights didn't light up. Stephanie needed to stop, or else she would- \
But the rear end of the black GT-R suddenly swung to the left, its wheels disengaged from the drivetrain, and then, using the intertia it had gained, it swung to the right, whipping around the corner. Cisila performed the same drift technique she had done twice already, which had been deeply embedded in her muscle memory by this point, watching the road ahead. *What the FUCK was that?* She thought. She had never *seen* a car do that before...use its inertia to avoid braking for a drift? What had Stephanie been *doing?* As Cisila straightened the FC out, she saw that the R32 didn't pull as far ahead as she anticipated. She could still catch up to it, seeing its four circular tail lights not far ahead of her. *Well, this is a long straightaway.* Cisila thought, reaching her free hand towards a toggle switch with a cover locking it in. Flicking the cover up, Cisila pushed the switch forward, clicking it into place. *Time for some nitrous oxide.* As soon as the switch was flicked, Cisila immediately felt the power from the nitrous kick in, hurtling the car forward and pushing Cisila back into her seat. Pulling the car to the side of the R32, the RX-7 FC pulled up next to the black car, the N2O powerful enough to beat the R32's acceleration. *Let's see how you deal with this.* Cisila thought, flicking the switch back and shutting the cover back over it. The next turn came up, a right turn that Cisila could drift through, *if* Stephanie drifted aswell. But she didn't. Cisila looked to the side, only to see Stephanie staring at her, her hands on the wheel, pulling it to the right as hard as she could, just like Cisila was. Cisila could tell that Stephanie was shocked, and everything seemed to slow down for a moment as the two staed at each other. However, now was *not* the time to think about it. Cisila was on the inside of the turn and the FC's bumper was getting closer and closer to the inner guardrail as the two cars turned harder and harder. The R32 was slightly understeering, and Stephanie had to compensate by braking, allowing the FC to pull ahead. Cisila eased her foot down on the gas and the white Mazda pulled ahead as the corner straightened out. 
