# POWER OF EDEN
### PIERCE BUILDING - CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 5:01AM, CST
### JULY 25TH, 2035
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 25

Cisila pushed open the two large, metal doors at the very top of the Pierce Building, the second tallest tower in the city. Behind these doors, she knew...was Martin Palmer. The one who'd caused all of her pain, and the reason she was here. Her muscles were tired, she was sweating. As the doors slowly opened, she looked behind herself. Lyla, Dani, and Kellien were behind her. Cisila nodded at them, and silently, they nodded back. They understood what was about to happen. They knew that Cisila would either walk out of this room with Palmer's head on a pike, or die trying. *Here goes.* She thought to herself, turning back towards the doors. Walking into the room slowly, Cisila looked around. A large room, mostly made of windows. It looked as though whatever was up here was still under construction: floor boards were missing, wires were strewn about the ground, and tools were sitting on various tables. Outside, the sky was beginning to turn orange, the sun beginning to rise. At the end of the room...was Martin Palmer. He was facing away from the group as they walked towards him, silently. The floorboards creaked loudly with each step. Palmer's arms were crossed. He looked behind himself, seeing Cisila. "Good morning." He said, quietly. "I was beginning to wonder when you'd...actually show up." Palmer turned around to look at Cisila, who stopped. She stared at him. *Something's wrong.* She thought. How was it possible for him to know Cisila was coming for him? She'd only decided a few hours ago, and...had only gotten here *thirty minutes* ago. Cisila snapped out of it, and pulled her pistol out of its holster. "Well-" She said, "I'm- I'm here now, and you know what I want." Palmer met her eyes, and adjusted his glasses. "Mhm..." He muttered. "Do it, then. If you think you've earned it." Slowly, he pulled his glasses off. His eyes, and by extension, his face, were tired. Cisila took hold of the pistol with both of her hands and aimed it at Palmer's head. His death would mean freedom. It would mean her life would mean something. All Cisila had to do was pull the trigger. Slowly, her finger touched the trigger. She *would* shoot him. 

But she couldn't. It was like she was frozen there, pointing her gun at him. "Come on." Martin said. He took a step forward. Something felt *incredibly* wrong. Why couldn't she pull the trigger? Cisila felt herself flinch, and step back. "I said, *come on.*" He repeated, taking a couple more steps forward. Suddenly, he forcefully grabbed the barrel of Cisila's pistol with one hand and pressed it against his forehead. Cisila's eyes went wide. He was asking for it. And she couldn't even do it. Behind her, the three of her friends were staring at her, eyes wide. "Something's wrong..." Lyla's said. Something was in the air...something unsettlings. **"I SAID COME ON! SHOOT ME!"** Palmer yelled, suddenly. Out of shock, Cisila pulled the trigger. Her finger flinched. *Bang.* The pistol went off. She thought she'd see Palmer hit the ground, but he didn't even move. He didn't even flinch. "What...the...*fuck?*" She sputtered, letting go of her pistol, and pulling away slowly. Her eyes were locked onto Martin. He still had the pistol in his grip, which he slowly lowered, still holding onto the barrel. "...Well, that's unfortunate." He muttered. Pulling his glasses back on, he pushed them up the bridge of his nose. "I was under the impression, you know, that you'd be a bit more creative..." He spoke in a monotone. Inhaling, Cisila finally found words to say. "What the *fuck* is wrong with you?!" She yelled. Quietly, Palmer looked up at her. "Nothing. I should be the one asking *you* that." He said. Cisila felt a jolt of anger. "What do you-" She started to say, but everything seemed to slow down for a moment. Her eyes flicked down to the pistol in Palmer's hand, as he raised it. He racked the slide, now holding it correctly, and let the full cartridge fly out of the chamber. Cisila's eyes went wide as she realized what he was doing. *He's going to shoot me-* She thought. And in a panic, her EXO formed, creating a protective barrier around her upper body of metal and wires. But Palmer aimed the pistol over her shoulder, and pulled the trigger. She didn't have time to react. *Bang.* Again. The bullet let the chamber, and in slow motion, it went straight over Cisila's shoulder, and pierced straight through Kellien's forehead. Kellien's body hit the floor, and everything sped up again. "KELLIEN!" Cisila screamed, whipping around, her EXO deconstructing. "KELLIEN?!" She screamed again, sprinting over to her. Before she could reach Kellien, Palmer repeatedly pulled the trigger. *Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang.* Every single shot left in the magazine went straight into Cisila's legs. 

Cisila hit the floor. Her face bashed straight into the uneven floorboards. Trying to pull herself back up, her head began to spin. Kellien couldn't be gone, it wasn't possible...she'd survived so much worse. *She has a kid...* Cisila remembered. Kellien had talked about him...her kid, the only thing she lived for. And now, she was on the floor, dead. Unable to help her kid. *Fuck, fuck, fuck...* She thought to herself, grinding her nails against the floorboards, trying to pull herself up. Her legs were beginning to go unresponsive. "CISILA!" Dani yelled, rushing over and trying to pull her up. "Shit, shit, shit-" They spat, desperately trying to haul her up, "This is bad- this is *bad-*" Lyla had decided to engage Martin straight on, her claws out. Cisila could barely see her in her own peripheral, as Dani helped her up. "We need to leave," Dani said, trying to drag Cisila towards the door. "No-" Cisila spat, "No, *no.* Dani-" She broke free of Dani's grip, and slammed against the wall. Her legs functioned enough to let her stand again. Trying to walk towards Palmer, she saw her greatest fear come true. Lyla dodged backwards as Palmer seemed to summon some kind of sword from nowhere - not unlike Cisila's construct - and drove it straight through Lyla's abdomen. Cisila couldn't see Lyla's face. Palmer tore straight through her. Her blood went everywhere. Cisila seized up completely. Palmer cleaved Lyla apart, until she was unrecognizable. She was gone. Using the last of her energy, Cisila lunged at Palmer, her legs weakly pushing against the floorboards. She had no words to say, the only thing still left in her mind were her instincts. And her instincts told her to end him. "CISILA, NO!" Dani yelled, before Cisila was suddenly stopped. Someone, in black garb, had grabbed onto her arms. Desperately, she struggled. Tears were rolling down Cisila's face. *She's gone. She's gone. She's gone.* Her mind echoed. "Let- let me-" Cisila struggled to say, but the one who'd grabbed onto her suddenly broke one of her arms. She screamed. The pain spread through her arm quickly. Palmer was just staring. Slowly, he walked up to Cisila. "Hm." He muttered, looking at her face. She craned her neck to look away, and suddenly noticed that Dani was gone. "What th..." She sputtered, as Palmer grabbed her chin and forced her to look at him. "That's enough, I think." He said. Cisila suddenly felt a burst of energy, as she reactivated her EXO. For a brief moment, the pain disappeared. She broke free of the strange assailant's grip and used her unbroken arm to punch Palmer in the face.

And then the unthinkable happened. Palmer barely moved, and instead, used his blade to slice her arm off in one, clean motion. It hit the floor. The EXO worked fast to try and cover the wound, but the strange assailant suddenly ripped her other arm off. Her mind was beginning to go blank. The EXO immediately ceased operations, and disappeared into her body. It was useless. The ringing in her ears was getting louder. Everything was closing off. She had no arms. She couldn't die here, could she? She couldn't. She couldn't. *I can't.* She thought to herself. *I can't. I won't.* Cisila collapsed, and, unable to stop herself, hit the floor hard. Blood was already pooling around her. Faintly, she heard Palmer say something. But, with her mind going blank, and her consciousness fading, she couldn't understand him. One thing was repeating in her head.

*You can't die.*

*You can't die.*

*You can't die.*

***You can't die.***

And then everything faded away. Suddenly, she had no name. No life. Nothing.

# - INTERIM - 
