# 01
# NO MAN'S LAND
### HIGHWAY TO CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:10AM, CST
### AUGUST 1ST, 2054
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 45
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/4YrVtcY2gXTqJzRitYOLwH?si=5552c5c9d59e4f35
##### The Terminator Theme (Extended) - The Terminator - Brad Fiedel

*It's been a while.* She thought, staring out of the window of the car. Outside, it was dark- and raining. In the distance, Chicago loomed, in all of its neon glory. Cisila frowned at it and leaned back in her seat, turning her head to look at Kasey. Kasey was in the driver's seat, and focused on the road. The car was dark, and the only thing Cisila could hear herself was the soft rumble of the engine just in front of them, and the rain pattering against the windshield. "How long?" Cisila asked, simply. Kasey shook her head, "Ten minutes, maybe. We're pretty close." Cisila sighed, and pinched the bridge of her nose. She felt much more tired than normal. It didn't help that they'd had to drive about six hours just to get back here, and nor was she happy about *being* here at all. But they were here for a reason, and to Cisila, that reason was good enough. Dani had called Cisila, and told her something had happened- something that Cisila and Kasey needed to investigate.

Ever since the pair left Chicago, they'd been working together as private investigators. It hadn't been long- but it was long enough that she had gotten used to life outside of Chicago. And now, suddenly, she was right back. But she owed Dani, and wasn't about to turn down a paid job. She let go of her nose and instead opened up the storage compartment right in front of her, pulling out a case for glasses. Flipping it open, she pulled out a pair of dark sunglasses, and slid them over her eyes. She blinked and leaned her head back against the seat. Her eyes felt weaker, to the point that anything bright would mess with her. She'd even wear sunglasses at night, when she was out and about. Something had happened to her eyes, and she wasn't sure what. Sighing, she turned to look back out the window at the bright, neon Chicago. Even with the sunglasses on, the brightness pierced her eyes like a needle. Even from a mile away, something looked different. Something *felt* different about the city. Cisila hadn't been here in a couple of years, but it already felt different. The city itself felt offputting, emanating this desolate feeling. As if nobody was safe within the boundaries of the city. 

Cisila pulled out her phone and spotted a message from Lyla. *"There yet?"* was the message. She quickly unlocked her phone and responded, *"A few minutes out. No worry."* and put her phone away. They'd gotten much closer, and now, the buildings looked even bigger. Eventually, Kasey pulled off the highway and into a residential area. Cisila looked up, seeing the old PALMER-EDEN tower looming over the whole city. Was it just *sitting* there now? Who was using it? It didn't look all that abandoned, but none of the lights were on. Twenty years ago, it shone like a beacon, despite what it stood for. Kasey rolled into a parking lot and parked the car. "Alright..." Kasey said, sighing. "We're good." Cisila nodded, and pushed the door open, stepping out of the car. Keeping a hand on the door, she looked around at their surroundings. The parking lot was strangely empty, and seemingly run-down. "...Where are we?" Cisila asked, as Kasey got out. "Dani told me to park around here," Kasey said, "dunno why." Cisila pushed her sunglasses up the bridge of her nose and made sure her suit jacket was on properly. She was wearing a simple suit, but with no tie. The goal was to not stand out, and with a grey-navy blue suit, she was sure to melt into the background. Kasey was dressed simply aswell, but her eyepatch wouldn't do her any favours. A couple years ago, on an investigation, Kasey lost an eye. The suspect attacked Cisila and Kasey, and managed to get an upper hand against Kasey. Cisila didn't like thinking about it. 

Kasey pulled out her phone, checking it. "Nothing. Why don't we go for a walk or something?" Cisila snorted, but nodded anyways. "Not sure where we should go, though." Kasey added. Locking the car, she walked away, and Cisila followed her. The two walked onto the sidewalk, and began to wander. The buildings around them felt mostly empty, but that might have been because of the time. Reasonable people were already asleep- and anybody still awake likely just had problems going to sleep. Cisila slid one of her hands into her pocket, sighing. "Great start." she muttered. "Huh?" Kasey said, looking back. Cisila glanced at Kasey, "We didn't book a hotel because Dani said she'd get somewhere for us. Where is she now?" Kasey shrugged, and replied, "If it takes more than ten minutes for them to respond, we agreed to go into panic mode and try to find her ourselves. It means something's wrong." Cislia nodded, "Still," she started, "I don't like having to do more things."

Suddenly, Cisila's ears picked up a noise behind them. *Footsteps.* Her lip twitched, as she tried to listen more carefully. *Three pairs. Four, maybe.* This wasn't good, and she couldn't tell if Kasey had noticed. They were clearly following them, staying a few feet behind them. But they'd made a fatal mistake- trying to sneak up on detectives. Relenting, she stopped walking, and jerked her head at Kasey. She looked back, confused, only to spot the three figures behind Cisila, and she seemed to understand. Stopping aswell, the two turned around to face the figures. They stopped aswell, staring right at the two. "Who are you?" Cisila asked, firmly. One of the figures tilted their head, only to say, "Don't matter." Cisila raised an eyebrow at them, but they continued. "What matters is that you ain't welcome here." *Huh?* Cisila's eyebrows furrowed, "What do you mean, not welcome?" she asked. "What we mean is..." And suddenly, all three pulled out weapons. "You ain't got a reason to be here. Leave."

Cisila sighed, looking back at Kasey. "Someone already knows we're here, I think." Kasey nodded, and flung her arms up into a defensive stance. "Best we beat it out of them." Kasey said. Cisila turned back towards the three figures, and lifted a hand towards her glasses. "I don't think you understand what you're getting into. Did someone pay you?" She said. "Hell yes!" The second figure said, "and we ain't about to turn down a million fuckin' bucks." *A million dollars.* She thought. *Christ.* Slowly, she pulled her glasses off, and folded them up. Sliding them into her pocket, she shook her arms out. "I don't think you quite understand what you're getting into..." she locked eyes with the main figure, "but if you really think you've got the guts, feel free." and she felt a sudden jolt of energy. She raised her fists into a defensive stance as the figures glanced at each other. "What th'hell does she think..." the last one said, but the first one just yelled, "GET HER! IT'S A MILLION FUCKING DOLLARS, MAN!" 




# FEAR
### CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S.A
### 12:25AM, CST
### AUGUST 1ST, 2054
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 45
##### https://open.spotify.com/track/28PHLBRyT6cnL56OIvVGiI?si=338f1736ce8b40e4
##### Rolling Eyes Fall Down the Dragon Wall - YAKUZA Like a Dragon - SEGA SOUND TEAM

The leader of the thugs lunged forward and tried to slam his fast into Cisila's face. It took her a moment, but she sidestepped out of the way and whipped him around the side of the head as he tried to regain balance. He collapsed onto the ground, and she took her chance. Raising her foot into the air, she slammed it down onto his head. She was *not* playing games. The two other thugs looked on in apparent fear, before rushing at Cisila. Kasey stepped forward and knocked down the first one with a few swift hits, and Cisila drove her fist into the last one's stomach, who fell to the floor. "Ugh-" Kasey grumbled, pinning down the second guy with her foot. Cisila pulled up the last thug, and pushed him against the wall, grabbing him by his collar. "What the *hell* was that for?" She asked. The thug coughed, "I-" he struggled, "Look- we- we just got paid t...to...look for someone who had that necklace." And he pointed at the sapphire amulet around Cisila's neck. She narrowed her eyes at him, "Why? Who paid you?" The thug just shook his head, "N-no idea, I swear!" He said, starting to panic. "We're just contractors for the Cobras! We got the orders from them?" *Huh?* Her face went from brief anger to confusion, and she let go of the thug, stepping away and turning to Kasey. Having heard this, Kasey looked confused as well. "What-" Kasey tried to say, but as if right on cue, her phone rang. "Oh, shit-" She mumbled, and pulled out her phone, answering the call. "Yeah?" Kasey answered, looking at Cisila. "It's Dani." She said, and listened to whatever Dani had to say.

Kasey nodded, and after half a minute of talking, she hung up. "We're supposed to head for the pier." Kasey said, answering Cisila before she had even opened her mouth. Cisila nodded. "Little far...did we just get out for nothing?" Kasey shook her head, "It looks like Dani wanted to make sure nobody was following us. After that-" She kicked her foot towards the three thugs on the sidewalk, "I think we're good." Cisila nodded, "Right." and she pulled out her sunglasses, unfolded the temples and slid them back over her face. "Let's get out of here. I don't like this." She mumbled. Kasey nodded, and the two walked back to the car, and got in. It took a moment for Kasey to get it running again, but soon enough, they were back on the road, weaving in and out of the streets of Chicago, and Cisila used this chance to look at how different the city felt. The neon signs were placed everywhere, brightly advertising establishments and businesses around every corner. The streets themselves seemed to be constantly flooded with reds, blues, and yellows. The signs were reflected in the large puddles of water from the heavy rain, and subtle ripples in the puddles from droplets distorted the reflections. Something she'd noticed, however, is that *nobody* was on the streets. Not a single soul was outside tonight, and even inside restaurants that were still open, Cisila could only see a few silhouettes.

*Strange.* She thought, watching a restaurant as they passed by. *Something else is happening...*  And then, her mind sprang into action. What pieces did she have? The gangs were still alive, somehow. So was the Brotherhood. But why had the Cobras been paid to kill her? Wasn't that Dan's? And then Cisila realized she hadn't heard from Dan in...forever. It was possible that he'd just...died. Or given up control of the Cobras. So did someone else want her dead? To her, she still didn't have enough to come up with any idea. So she sat back and let go of her questions for a moment, as Kasey finally pulled into a parking lot near the pier. Cisila climbed out, followed by Kasey. Looking around, Cisila put her hands into her pockets and walked down to the pier. Kasey followed next to her, her single remaining eye looking around carefully. The two made their way up to the very edge of the pier, and looked across Lake Michigan. They couldn't see anything out on the water, but it didn't really matter. Most boats these days were illegal to use- and forced to be tied down at the docks. All of these boats were motor powered, and sails had become the new method for seabound transportation. *Again.* She reminded herself. *This is the second time.* Cisila pulled out a small box of cigarettes and pulled out one, placing it against her lips. From her other pocket, she pulled out a lighter and flicked it open with a small *clink.* She flicked the spark wheel relentlessly, trying to get the lighter to ignite. Eventually, with a small *fwoop*, a flame came to life, and she held it to the end of the cigarette, lighting it. 

A few silent minutes passed, with nobody else showing up. Cisila was leaning against the railing, watching the empty lake. Kasey was turned around and using the railing as back support, scrolling on her phone. The quiet *swish* of the waves below them was the only sound the two could hear, other than their breathing. Cisila closed her eyes, smoking. She exhaled, and felt just the *tiniest* noise pierce her ears. She perked up and looked behind herself.
