# ---------[1]---------
# ----[*Power Up*]----
## -------[22:31, CDST]--------
## ----[August 5th, 2096]----
### -[The CSEP *Platinum Halberd*, Space {Standard Route Between Dvóniks and Lóivonus}]-
### -[Cisila J. Siveta, 26]-

Sparks of metal flew as Cisila put the welding torch against a metal plate, forcing it back into place with her free hand. It was a stupid solution, she thought to herself, but there was only so much gear on the ship. The torch sparked as it met the metal plate, and she begin to move the end of the torch along the plate's end, welding it into the other plates. It had blown off a couple of days ago, and nobody had been around to fix it. The sparking torch lit up the lower hull as Cisila brought it along the snapped plating, illuminating the various pipes, wires, and power cells. After she finished with the plate, Cisila got up and turned the welding torch off, flicking a switch on the grip with a small *click.* She shoved the welding torch into her harness, and strapped it in. Sighing, Cisila turned around and looked at the energy array of the *Halberd,* which powered most of the main systems. It was a metal casing which covered large energy cells filled with an ionic liquid that sent energy to the ship's data arrays, main computers, aswell as the ship's command bridge. The portion that Cisila could see looked small, even though she knew how big the energy cells really were, embedded into the hull. Yawning, Cisila pulled up the Hammerhead welding mask she'd been using, and rubbed her eyes. It was impossible to tell time properly in space, other than the coordinated timezones in space. Ever since boarding the *Platinum Halberd,* Cisila's sleep schedule had been messed up beyond belief. It was wake up, work, sleep. Wake up, work, sleep. All the windows showed the same starry emptiness as they usually did, occasionally revealing a planet in the distance. The ship, for the most part, floated freely in space, its engines off. But down in the lower hull, where most of the mechanical functions happened, Cisila could hear the warbling and consistent beating of the engine's systems. The main power source, a large reactor, hummed. The warbling came from the air-con systems, cycling air in and out of the ship and re-cooling it every minute. *All the same.*  Cisila thought, looking around. The plating had come off from the air-con systems, and the rest of the hull looked just like it. Metal plating. The cables coming down from the ceiling. An odd feeling of claustrophobia. The entire ship had that feeling, but down here...it felt especially cramped. Turning away from the systems, Cisila carefully made her way over to a ladder, illuminated by a dim, orange light, and she grabbed onto it. She was going to head straight back up to the main deck, to check how weapon development was going. The entire crew (consisting of about sixty to sixty-five people, she remembered) was assigned a lot of tasks each week, and this week, Cisila had to keep an eye on weapon development, one of the ship's main experiments. 

It would orbit the planet *Lúniks* occasionally, and transfer most of its data and finished work to teams down on the planet. Drug research, weapon development, specimen research, and combat training were the primary focuses of the ship. It had decently sized laboratories, firing ranges, and a gym. Singular. Most of the rooms were "decently sized" for the ship, as most were only accessible through cramped ladder climbs like the one Cisila was climbing up with. As she climbed up, her gear clanked and thunked against the metal tubing around her. Her harness was quite heavy on its own, with all of her engineer tools strapped to it. She was wearing a simple t-shirt and vest which the harness went over, aswell as large cargo pants fitted for extreme conditions. Connected to her harness was a toolbelt wrapping around her waist, holding several pieces of tech that could help her identify and solve problems with the ship. Along with her normal welding torch, strapped to the opposite side of her harness, was a plasma welder. It was used for more heavy duty work like the energy cells, of which it couldn't damage, while the normal welding torch - using pretty old technology - would likely cause the cells to burst, sending the ionic liquid everywhere. Pulling herself up the ladder and onto *D-Deck,* Cisila pulled off her welding faceshield and folded it up in her hands, shoving it into one of her toolbelt's many pouches. Looking down the hallway she'd ended up in, Cisila already knew where she was- the upper maintenance facilities, where most of the engineers hung out during the work hours. It was also where the giant and bulky repair suits sat when they weren't used, near the airlock at the end of the repair bay. Cisila tugged on the thing strapped to her forearm, a slim device that resembled a large phone from decades ago. It was Carbine's proprietary engineer info pad, assigned to every engineer on the ship. It could easily access the ship's systems, datalogs, and could communicate with other devices. But on Cisila's arm, it was *extremely* uncomfortable. She lifted her arm up so she could have a look at the screen, and as she did, it blipped to life. Its simple operating system immediately displayed what Cisila needed to see, and nothing else. First of all, a log of every repair done in the day. Hers was the only one listed, and was listed as *Plate repair - Engine level*. She put a finger to the screen and swiped right, bringing up a diagram of the ship. The screen shone brightly as it proudly displayed the *Halberd,* in all of its apparent glory. Only displaying one colour - a blinding golden yellow - Cisila looked at the ship for any other damages. As she was looking, her eyes scanning the screen, something beeped. She jumped. *Fuck!* Cisila thought, looking up, shaking her head. *That was my-* Before she could put together another coherent thought, a notification appeared on her screen. A call. She pressed the *Accept* prompt and flicked a switch on the side of the device, unmuting herself. "Cisila." A voice said. "Captain needs you to take care of something, since you're the closest to the repair bay on D-Deck." They said. "One of the starboard engines is flickering, and if it goes out, our drifting will go off course and it'll take a while to readjust. See if you can repair it." Cisila pursed her lips, before responding. "Yeah. Alright." She said. The person on the other end was Kellien, chief of security on the ship. She was usually the one to relay messages from the captain, Mr. Emdara, to Cisila. "Tell him it might take thirty or so minutes." She added, heading down the hallway to the repair bay. Her boots thunked against the metal of the floor. "I hate dealing with those engines." Cisila muttered as Kellien disconnected.

As Cisila climbed through the door into the repair bay, she saw the giant suits of metal sitting at the back end of the room, near the airlock. They were Hammerhead Heavy-Duty Exoskeleton And Titan Heart [HDEATH] repair suits, fitted for extreme space conditions. The "Titan Heart" part of the name referred to the odd power system and structure of the suit's exoskeleton, where pressure was maintained in the limbs with ionic liquids similar to the energy cells of the *Halberd* through an artificial "heart" in the back of the suit. Other than the exoskeleton, machined metal plating covered the armor, reminiscent of heavy duty power armor suits. But instead of weapons, the HDEATH suits were fitted with repair tools, such as a beefier version of Cisila's plasma welder, along with an array of different saws, claws, and other tools that were interchangeable. Cisila approached one slowly, and even despite it being turned away from her, it still towered over her. The handles to open up the back of the suit were large, and they were locked into place by safety latches. As she began to pull the safety latches, letting them click apart, another voice appeared in her ear, just like Kellien's. "How's the work going?" A familiar voice said. One of her engineer friends, probably up on a higher deck- Amélia, or just Amé. "S'good." Cisila responded, continuing to pull the safety latches off. "Getting into an aech-death, though." She added, blankly. "*Fuck.*" Amé said, hissing. "I hate those things." The HDEATH platform of suits were extremely useful, but the odd Titan Heart concept made everyone oddly uncomfortable. "Goddamned beating hearts..." Amé muttered. "What are you even doing, anyways?" She asked. "One of the starboard engines is out." Cisila explained, "I'm closest to it." She was on D-Deck's starboard side in the repair bay, which was one of two. The identical, but opposite one, was on the port side of D-Deck. "Oh, great." Amé muttered. "I *love* engine maintenance. Have fun." And with a click, Amé disconnected, going back to whatever she was doing. Cisila yanked the suit's handles back, and they clunked into place, freeing up the back of the suit. She pulled the back down, and, with a *hiss* from the suit's hydraulics, the entire back of the suits' legs came down aswell, letting Cisila climb in easily. She would still have to fit her head into the giant helmet, and position her arms in the sockets, too. 

Pulling herself into the suit, her feet pressed down on the pressure sensitive pads inside the suit's feet, and as they did, the back of the legs and suit lifted back up and sealed Cisila inside as she slid her arms through the sockets and into the suit's arms. As she settled herself in and let the suit turn on, she felt the suit whirr. The lenses of the helmet came to life, the HUD briefly blinding her as it adjusted itself to the lighting conditions. As the suit activated, she felt the heart in the back plating begin to beat. *Thunk. Thunk. Thunk.* It started fast, and hard, before slowing down and becoming less noticeable. As it beat, the arms, legs, and every joint of the armor came to life, letting Cisila move in the suit. Her arms dropped to her side smoothly, and she felt herself able to move her legs. She stepped backwards, and feeling the clunk of the heavy metal feet, Cisila oriented herself and stomped over to the airlock, reaching up to the ceiling and grabbing the handles to open the airlock with the HDEATH suit. Twisting the set of handles clockwise on one side, and counter-clockwise with the other to have them both oriented horizontally, Cisila thunked them into place and let go, stomping into the airlock before the door closed. As she got into the airlock, the doors snapped shut behind her and she felt all the air disappear, sucked back into the ship. Cisila rolled her head side to side, stretching her neck, waiting for the second set of doors to snap open and let her out onto the ship. The HDEATH system was fitted with repulsors and magnets, letting Cisila safely and easily scale and float to the starboard engine in need of repair. Suddenly, the doors snapped open, the heavy metal flying out of her way as the vacuum opened up into the room. Activating the magnets in the soles of the HDEATH suit, Cisila trudged slowly, tugging her feet up as if sticky gum was stuck to them. Each step towards the edge of the open room was excruciating. The endless void of space, filled with stars, awaited her. As she left the airlock, Cisila activated the repulsors on the back of the suit, aswell as the soles' pair of repulsors, and she oriented herself so both would propel her towards the rear of the ship, straight for the starboard engines. The ship was largely angular, metal panels and cables running along it. It was a precisely built craft, using no more space than what was needed. For all intents and purposes, the *Platinum Halberd* was the perfect research ship. It had everything the crew needed, and as Cisila drifted along it, ascending up the side of it, she could see why Carbine paraded it around. It looked nice from the outside. But everything else...was a complete and utter mess. The interior was barely holding together, and the engineers - including herself - had to work around the clock to keep the ship functional. But for a moment...Cisila forgot her worries. She drifted along the ship in the HDEATH suit, admiring it. Admiring space. The endless nothingness may have been terrifying to some, but to her, the lack of noise was calming.

<sup><sub>Note: Cue in Under Cover from Halo Infinite</sub></sup>

In some of the windows, she could see crew members heading from one end of a deck to another, shunting supplies or test weapons into the frigate's various experimental areas and firing ranges. Some crew members were in modified HDEATH suits and were on the exterior of the ship, testing weapons in a vacuum. As she glided through the empty vastness of space towards the starboard engines, she waved at a pair of crew members testing what looked like a gauss cannon. They waved back. After a few short minutes of suspended gliding, Cisila pulled a grappling hook off of the HDEATH's toolbelt, and fired it into the ship, reeling herself in. She was close enough to magnetically walk towards the engine and start repairs. When she landed with a rough *thunk,* Cisila twisted a knob on the chest of the suit, turning on its radio. Immediately, it connected her to Kellien. "Almost at the starboard engines. Which one is it?" She asked. Kellien sighed, before checking. "Uppermost one. The engine itself should be flickering. Damage is...mostly external. Might've gotten hit." She rattled off. Kellien was obviously just reading off the damage report, but Cisila wasn't able to access it herself while in the HDEATH suit. "Thanks." Cisila muttered, finally jumping down onto the uppermost starboard engine. The engines were large, with bright, hot energy coming out of the exhausts. They were round with expertly crafted internals, making repairs from the outside rather easy. But right now, she just had to find whatever may have 'hit' the ship. In the HDEATH suit with its magnetic footholds on, Cisila stomped her way along the engine, scanning it from the helmet. 
