# 1 
# MINDING MY BUSINESS
### EDGE OF NCR TERRITORY, WASTES
### 11:01PM, NCRST (NCR STANDARD TIME)
### AUGUST 23RD, 2287
#### Cisila Siveta, 235

The deserted wastes connected the New California Republic to the rest of pre-war America. Tumbleweeds, sand, and rocks. Old pre-war towns decimated by the nuclear bombs littered the wastes, either left as ghost towns, or turned into Raider settlements. Bonfires crackled from the centre of them, as Raiders piled bodies of settlers onto them. To them, the settlers were nothing more than fuel for the fire. Food for themselves, even. As the sun went down, more bodies were piled onto the bonefires. More bodies were cooked to a crisp. The smoke from the bonfires rose higher, and higher...and from a cliff far above the rotting town, a woman watched. She was wearing an odd outfit: the helmet of a veteran NCR ranger, defaced and with details scratched in - like a kill count - and a brown jacket over the combat gear a veteran would usually wear under a large trench coat. She had a satchel on, with the stitched on Mojave Express logo. The lenses of the NCR helmet softly glowed in the dark, and behind it, her eyes could be seen. Slung over her shoulder was an old hunting rifle with a scope haphazardly attached to it, and on her hip was a pre-war 10mm pistol she had scavenged from the wastes. A strange pistol resembling a revolver, but had no cylinder. Slowly, the woman pulled her helmet off. Her hair was revealed gradually as she lifted the helmet off and strapped it to her satchel. A plume of dark brown hair covered the majority of the right side of her face, hiding hideous burn scars. Her only visible eye was coloured purple, and she looked dead tired. Years of being frozen and unable to move had left her a little worse for wear, and the ensuing stress of the wasteland had soon followed. It felt like Cisila could never get a break. It has been over ten years since she'd gotten out of her vault, Vault 20. She had been frozen, similar to an experiment in another vault (though, she currently isn't aware of this), and since then, she'd gotten herself into plenty of trouble. Travelling through the NCR, the Mojave, and other places like New Reno, and the Capital Wasteland. Over the course of her travels, she had learned a great deal about the legends and myths in the wasteland. The Vault Dweller from Vault 13, a strange man. And the Chosen One, his descendant...who had destroyed the Enclave. The Pip-Boy on her left arm had been salvaged from the remains of Vault 13, which hadn't been used in years. She had found it on the corpse of a Vault Dweller, and while the Pip-Boy 2000 hadn't been used in who knows how long, it still worked perfectly. It had helped her through the NCR, New Reno, and a few years ago...the Mojave Wasteland, and New Vegas. Unintentionally, Cisila had ended up in the middle of a struggle for the power of New Vegas and Hoover Dam.

Crossing her arms, she went over what had happened. At first, she'd decided that the legendary ruler of New Vegas, Robert House, would be the ideal choice. But as the requests got more difficult to empathize with, Cisila changed her mind. When House asked her to kill the Brotherhood, she killed him instead. Cisila wouldn't touch the Mojave Chapter of the Brotherhood. Even if they were still a part of the Brotherhood, they were a light shining in darkness. They understood that they had to stop being closeted, and destroying them meant burying their hopes. Reluctantly, she went to the New California Republic, and helped them. They let the Brotherhood live, and side with them. For the Battle of Hoover Dam, Cisila had gotten all the help she could've. The Great Khans, The Remnants of the Enclave, and the Boomers with their historic B-29. Before the Battle, however, Cisila was tasked with protecting President Kimball of the NCR. However, Cisila knew that he wouldn't leave the Dam alive. She let him die on the pedestal during his speech. The NCR, without its president, won the battle of Hoover Dam. Cisila was gifted the highest award a civilian could get by the NCR. In a week, she'd lost it. It meant nothing to her. Sighing to herself, Cisila looked at her Pip-Boy. The screen flashed on, showing her current stats. Her heartrate was normal. The device couldn't detect any poison in her system. She seemed healthy. Turning around, she faced a fire being prodded by a man sitting in the shadows. "You just gonna keep standing around, or..." He muttered, looking up at her. The man was a ghoul. He was wearing a cowboy hat, with the right side of the brim attached to the crown. He had old Chicago PD SWAT gear on, with the logos scratched off. Bandages were wrapped around his arms over particularly nasty injuries. "Yeah, yeah, I'll sit..." Cisila muttered, sitting in front of the fire. The ghoul had put meat on a spit, and he began to rotate it with a crank. The Brahmin meat slowly rotated over the fire, cooking. Cisila stared at it, before flicking her eyes at the ghoul. His name was John Morgan. "I know you're all out of sorts," He said, "but once we get to Chicago, we'll track down that package of yours." Chicago. Cisila sighed. "I've never been out that way. Isn't that a place where the Enclave used to be stationed?" She asked. Morgan sat up properly and grunted. "While ago. Couldn't tell you if they're there now, though. Not much left of those pieces of shit." He hissed. Cisila looked at her Pip-Boy again, and then at Morgan. "The man in power armor..." she mumbled. "Who do you think he was?" The man, in a set of Advanced Power Armor Mark 2, was the one who had stolen her package. An expensive, exclusively made weapon for someone in New Reno. She had tracked them to Chicago. "Probably just some wasteland weirdo," Morgan said, prodding the fire. "You get a lot of people who think they can just take whatever garbage they want."
