### Ideas for SIDE A of Twilight Runners: 
Cisila's plot should be styled a lot more like her earlier stories, but instead of being inspired by the *Yakuza* series, it'll directly feature the yakuza as the antagonist/driving force of the investigation. Kasey and Cisila are contacted by a detective from the Chicago PD, who tells them it seems like PALMER-EDEN assets are being moved to Japan. *Why* is this? The assets should be parts of the Ultima project, the Adam/Cyborg project codenamed MIRAGE, and most of the PALMER-EDEN security division. Obviously, none of this will be known until Cisila and Kasey actually *get* to Japan. \
Cisila learns that Stephanie has also been invited to Japan by her father, and the three link up and take a flight to Japan, Stephanie's Nissan Skyline being shipped ahead of time to Stephanie's father. Once they get to Japan, after finding a hotel, Cisila and Kasey meet with the Chicago PD detective who has also travelled to Japan, and they enter an old warehouse where the detective first learned of this oddity. Tire tracks and containers clearly from PALMER-EDEN vehicles are in the warehouse, but nothing is in them. How does this end? Is there a confrontation between the newly developed PALMER-EDEN security, now rebranded under a different name? Should it be SOLARSec or a different, new name? Should this be a section focused on tension because of the high-powered firearms and gear from the security, or is it a complete brawl? Remains to be seen. \
Cisila and Kasey escape nonetheless with the detective, and they find out where the security comes from, and find that their HQ is in Tokyo, Japan. Exactly where they are. But before they can enter the building, they are stopped by a mysterious figure. Returning from the epilogue, Amelia has followed Cisila to Japan. Nobody except Cisila knows what happened to her, and even then, Cisila doesn't recognize the girl. She only realizes who she is when she says what Cisila did to her, and goes in for an attack. How Kasey reacts, what Cisila does to stop her or convince her otherwise, is to be determined, but the fight ends off in Amelia disappearing as the Japanese Police arrive, and an acquaintance of the Chicago PD detective approaches, and tells the detective that a hunch he had was right. In disbelief, the detective turns towards Kasey and Cisila and explains that it seems like the remnants of PALMER-EDEN are getting help from the yakuza. The biggest yakuza organization in Tokyo at the moment, called the Gōka Alliance. They are violent, and extremely organized to the point that even modern laws cannot stop them. Beneath Tokyo, their underground rings and casinos reign supreme. To understand what is going on with PALMER-EDEN, Cisila and Kasey need to engage with the yakuza, and Kasey might know a way in.

#### Cast for SIDE A:
- Cisila J. Siveta
- Kasey (dear God she needs a last name)
- Lyla (likely only in the opening)
- Zephyr (same)
- Chicago PD detective (poor guy needs a name)
- The detective's Japanese colleague (needs a name aswell)
- Amelia (antagonist)
- The Gōka Alliance (chairman, captains, lieutenants, all the way down to the footsoldiers - we're going to see a lot of them)
- Stephanie (she still has to appear here!)
- Talin (same with Steph)
- The Twilight Runners (way less than even Stephanie appears- only once or twice, perhaps)

### Ideas for SIDE B
Obviously, this is Stephanie's story and is automatically more like INITIAL D and WANGAN MIDNIGHT as opposed to Cisila's yakuza story. The yakuza should still be involved, but I'm unsure of how. Should it be part of the idea that Stephanie's father is in debt because of the R32? The races may be set up by the yakuza, something that the street gang, the titular Twilight Runners, are unaware of. \
Speaking of, these are the Twilight Runners as follows: 
- Kawamura Takeshi, Nissan Skyline GT-R GF-BNR34 V-SPEC, gang leader. Not quite an antagonist, but a friendly rival. - Gets "DON'T STOP THE MUSIC" by Lou Grant for his road battle down the mountains and onto a highway, but probably not the Shuto Expressway because of how massive Tokyo is. 
- Akiyama Soma, Nissan GT-R (2017). Overconfident in his abilities and the car, he's lost more races than anyone else in the gang. The gang keeps him around because when he *does* win, it's a complete and utter destruction of the opponent. Gets "GAS GAS GAS" by Manuel for his road battle on the Shuto Expressway.
- Kuroda Daigo, Toyota Trueno AE86 GT-APEX, the "sleeper" of the gang. Extremely skilled, despite the appearance of the Toyota. - Fittingly gets "DEJA VU" by Dave Rodgers for his road battle in the mountains. The reference will only go as far as the car and the song, though. I swear.
- Kitagawa Mayumi, Mazda RX-7 Spirit R. Face of the gang, in her RX-7, she is the most notable of the gang. Her RX-7 is a legend in recent times in the Minato City streetracing circle, and the car has even gotten news coverage. Only those in the streetracing scene know who drives it. She gets "BURNING UP FOR YOU" by Sara for her road battle, on the Shuto Expressway
- Goro Kousuke, Toyota Supra (modern or old model? not sure). Should be some kind of yakuza plant in the gang, to watch what happens. Also happens to be a good driver, however, they tend to cheat or sabotage opponents if the situation calls for it. Gets "NO ONE SLEEP IN TOKYO" by EDO BOYS for their road battle.

Additionally, there are the other non-Twilight Runners racers. Obviously, there's Talin in her Nissan Sileighty who appears unexpectedly. Her song is "I NEED YOUR LOVE" by Dave Simon. In addition, the Mitsubishi Evo 3 that nearly causes Stephanie to crash in the opening, and turns out to be the catalyst behind a lot of the plot. They are linked to the yakuza, to Stephanie's father, and likely the PALMER-EDEN remnants aswell. Their road battle is initially "Heartbeat" by Nathalie in the opening, where Stephanie crashes a second time. The final battle is "BEAT OF THE RISING SUN" by Dave Rodgers. A lot about this character needs to be refined. Do they work with the yakuza? *Are* they yakuza? Why were they initially in Chicago? Were they there to see if Stephanie really was using the R32? If so, this would mean they immediately leave for Japan to inform the yakuza that the car still exists, and should be retrieved. Perhaps the yakuza force Stephanie's father to invite her to Tokyo for a street racing competition, monitored by the yakuza, waiting for the right time to strike, and either steal the R32 or take out Stephanie's father. If Stephanie were to somehow win, the yakuza would just take the payout.

There may be a second gang uninvolved in the yakuza stuff, full of people from other countries, along with non-Japanese cars. For example, one driver will have a McLaren and their race against Soma will be his introduction. The race ends with Soma winning, the McLaren being left completely in the dust, and he is presented as intimidating. 

The basic plot of this Side should be a focus on the streetracing, with the undertones of something being slightly off. When Stephanie finds her father, it should be a pleasant scene, but Stephanie misses the fact that he seems stressed out about the *car* in particular. When he suggests who Stephanie should go up against, she asks why he's so zeroed in on *racing*. Stephanie just wanted to spend a little time with him first, after not seeing him for a couple of years. But eventually, she relents, and goes up against her first opponent of the gang her father suggested: Akiyama Soma, in a Nissan GT-R. It's a modern GT-R versus an older Skyline GT-R R32. Stephanie wins only due to Soma's overconfidence, which leads him to crash the GT-R rather badly. The Twilight Runners acknowledge that it was entirely Soma's fault that Stephanie won, and send the girl to another race in order to see if she actually has skill. Coincidentally, Stephanie's opponent is Talin, who disappeared a few months prior to the beginning of the story. Surprised, the two have a race. Kawamura Takeshi rides with Stephanie in order to see how good she really is, and gets a close-up look at Stephanie's all-wheel-drive technique that she uses around most corners. He suggests she drifts more, and she agrees to try. But Stephanie is surprised by Talin's newfound skill, as the white Nissan Sileighty glides past the black GT-R BNR32. However, this isn't for long, as the GT-R still has a powerful low-gear acceleration and its ATTESA E-TS, letting Stephanie get the upper hand. She wins. Where does the story go from this? Perhaps it should be the introduction of the yakuza, as a man in a suit approaches Stephanie and explains the situation. Thus begin the first conflict: her father lying.

#### Cast for SIDE B:
- Stephanie Layton
- Talin
- Stephanie's father (needs name)
- The Twilight Runners (Takeshi, Soma, Daigo, Mayumi, Kousuke)
- Certain Gōka Alliance families, the ones involved in the debt hunt for the R32 (they need names...and more characters...i'm gonna cry)
- Mitsubishi Evo 3 driver (*Might* be named Kei, but the car and the first name is as far as that goes)
- Regional streetracers (McLaren driver, Chevy, etc. - about six, maybe?)
- Cisila, Lyla and Kasey also appear, but not as much for...well...obvious reasons.
