# 1
## In For a Shock
### En Route to WEISS DÁ'ZOM CORRECTIONAL FACILITY, ZAKH'HAFO
### 7:04, ZST
### JULY 6TH, 2075
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### ASSIGNED NAME: "JOANNE L'ÁHFO"
#### CURRENT OBJECTIVE: REMAIN UNDERCOVER

The mostly empty automated tram trundled along its rail, heading towards its docking point. It had taken a long, long time for the tram to get to this point, far outside any civilization in Zakh'hafo. It was clunky, rather old, and was currently only holding one passenger. A prisoner to be brought to the Weiss Dá'zom Correction Facility, a large high security prison- the largest in Zakh'hafo. Released inmates liked to call the facility "the Gulch", but the passenger inside didn't know why. In fact, Gradient was mostly in the dark. She had been picked for this entirely because nobody knew her true origins, thus it would be next to impossible for an undercover mission to go wrong. Sitting at the far back of the tram, locked in a mechanical head brace with her hands cuffed by large metal pieces that covered her hands, Gradient had her eye closed, letting the bumpy tracks jostle her as much as the head brace would allow. The tram was dark, the light of the morning leaking through the windows that were barely visible due to the bars bolted across them. Opening her left eye, her only remaining one, Gradient looked around the tram again. She was wearing a red-orange jumpsuit, but unlike those she'd seen in movies, it felt more like a sturdy jacket, stiff and well-made. Her prisoner ID, a jumble of letters and numbers, was plastered across her chest aswell as her back. The sleeves went all the way down to her wrists, hiding her mechanical arms. *"They're not gonna have any idea what to do with your- eh- your cybernetics."* Elias had said, explaining what she was going to be doing. *"Thus, none of your abilities will be stripped away. It'll make your job a lot easier."* Her job was to find someone in the prison...someone she might be connected to. A possible PALMER-EDEN project that had long since escaped, but had found their way here, and ended up in prison. But to do that, she'd first have to blend in, figure out how the prison works, and find cracks in its system. With her cybernetics, it wouldn't be hard. There was no reason for this to take longer than a couple of days, she thought as the tram suddenly *thunked* to a stop inside a checkpoint, the final one before the prison. A barrier of blue light phased through the wall at the front end of the tram...a scan. It made its way through the entire tram slowly before washing over Gradient, and she couldn't help but flinch. *"Alright."* The checkpoint guard said, his voice echoing from the tram's speaker system. *"There's only one today. Declaring CC, moving the tram on."* The guard sounded...bored, almost. Was this his only job? The tram shunted onwards, and Gradient frowned, her brow furrowing. Her eye flicked around the tram more as it trundled along its rail, before coming to a stop inside what seemed to be an elevator, the sunlight through the windows disappearing as it did. It was replaced by a clinical white light. After a couple of seconds, there was a loud *clunk* and the tram began to rise, the elevator bringing it up to the 'inspection' area. Gradient vaguely knew the layout of the prison, and remembered that there would be a prisoner examination before she entered. And apparently, it wasn't pleasant...

The elevator reached the top, and *thunked* into place, yet the tram didn't move. This was the end of its line, Gradient realized, staring at the far end of the tram as its doors slowly opened. She heard the mutterings of two prison guards waiting outside the tram as the head brace deactivated, and lifted off of her, finally easing the discomfort she'd been sitting with since the ride started. "Come on." One of the guards said, stepping in. "Wasting time ain't gonna do you good, 'specially here..." He didn't sound particularly mean, just tired- like the checkpoint guard. But he was correct; there was no reason to waste anyone's time, and Gradient stood up, her hands still linked together by the metal brace covering them. Exhaling deeply, she walked forward, through the tram. "Alright..." The guard muttered, stepping out of her way. Gradient stepped down the steps of the tram, and immediately, she saw what looked like a large tube with a black path through it ahead of her, with viewing windows on other side, so the examiners didn't have to get close to the prisoners. There was nothing to hold her, though, and as she walked forward, Gradient couldn't help but feel uneasy. She didn't say anything, though. That too would have been a waste of time. Walking down the tube, she was immediately told *"Stop."* by a stern voice over the speakers in the tube as a set of alarms blinked on and off. Obliging, Gradient came to a halt, closing her eye. Through the glass on either side of her, the examiners started their procedures, and Gradient suddenly felt metal close in on her feet, keeping her in place. *Of course.* She thought, the muscles around her eye twitching. Then, from the ceiling, a second head brace lowered down, and kept her head in place aswell. She couldn't move at all. The brace was a sterile white, like the tube surrounding her. The guards from before had retreated behind the windows to watch the procedure, and though Gradient couldn't see any of them, she heard their confused conversation. "What the *fuck* is all this stuff?" One of the examiners said. "That's a spinal implant, an eye replacement, both arms amputated. And...lungs? Jesus." He sighed, leaning back into his chair. "She's more kitted out than the Problem Child is." He added, grumbling. Who was the *Problem Child?* Might this be her first hint? "Yeah, that...yeah." Another one said, sputtering. "But we learned from him. Hasn't SOLARdawn developed something for this?" What? Her eye opened as she heard this, and immediately went into a panic. They'd learned from another cybernetic individual? Were they about to *deactivate* her enhancements? That would ruin this entire mission...but she couldn't get out. She had no help. "Yeah. They did. Activate the Rhino." The first replied, and she heard a switch flip. Behind her, a large robotic arm lowered down with an apparatus attached to it that looked heavy, and resembled a rhino head: its namesake. A sharp needle was placed where the rhino's horn would've been, and it slowly made its way towards the back of Gradient's neck. "It's a good thing she's got a full spinal implant, else we'd have to make this a lot more painful..." One of the examiners said, watching the Rhino pierce the memory chip installer in the back of Gradient's neck. Pain shot through her spine as the needle forced its way into the slot, connecting with it forcefully and injecting something into her mechanical spine. It immediately felt wrong. The apparatus replacing her right eye suddenly shut off, its red lights blinking off. She felt the strength her cybernetic arms usually had fade away, but she felt no change in her lungs or her spine. Yet. "Seems to have done it." The second examiner said, getting up from his chair as the Rhino's needle slowly exited the memory chip slot. "They've really got a thing for everything, huh?" The first one replied, leaning back. "Especially for something we barely need..." \
"Yeah." The second one said, flicking another switch on his console. The head brace let go of Gradient, and the footholds retracted. "Get a move on- we've got to do a full interview."

Gradient continued forward, exiting the tube and entering a long hallway: the only option she had. It looked like there were diverting paths, but only this one was open. Doors were on either side of her, but she couldn't see what was past them: they were completely metal, and looked heavy. Upon getting to the end of the hallway only to see a closed door, Gradient looked behind her only to see the pair of guards from the beginning still following her. They were now wearing helmets, and she couldn't see their faces. They had bulletproof vests on, aswell as their standard uniform: a drab grey. Both had pistols on their hips in case of emergency. Sighing, Gradient turned back to the door at the end of the hallway, and watched it slide open with a heavy *thunk.* Inside, was a table, and two chairs. One solitary light was installed above the table, lighting the room. "In." One of the guards said, pushing Gradient in by her shoulders. The door slammed closed behind her, the metallic ringing filling her ears. Her eye twitched again. On the other side of the small room, another door opened, and a man in a grey suit stepped in. Gradient almost got a heart attack when she saw the man, as he resembled Palmer. But it was only a vague resemblance. He had no cybernetic arms, and no glasses. But he had a similar hairstyle, though it was a deep black opposed to brown, and a similar body build to Palmer. He was younger, and looked more optimistic, less insane. "Have a seat." He said, motioning towards the seat on Gradient's side. She sat down in it warily, feeling it creak. It was a weak folding chair. "I'm the psychologist here, aswell as assistant supervisor." He explained, sitting down across from Gradient. "Usually, I don't talk to prisoners directly. But you, I unfortunately have to." From his pocket, he pulled out some kind of device that was shaped in a sharp U shape, with microphones attached to it. "You've been placed under watch." The words were like a gut punch. Gradient felt her eye twitch again, and her hands flinched in the cuffs. This was going *completely* wrong. "Mostly for the crimes you've committed." He added, crossing his arms. *Fuck.* She thought, gritting her teeth in her mouth. *Kellien, you dumbass...* Kellien was the one who had come up with the crimes she'd supposedly have committed, and had gone too overboard, apparently. "That's something you need in your mouth, monitoring everything you say. It's also a GPS." The psychologist added, nodding down at the apparatus. *Oh.* She thought, frowning. *Oh, that's even worse.* With this embedded in her teeth, she couldn't do *anything.* "I'll put it in for you, seeing as you...don't have use of your arms right now." He said, picking up the device. Gradient had no choice to oblige, but before she did, a flinch overtook her as the man leaned forward. "I know." He muttered, holding the device out. "I don't like it either. Please, just open your mouth..." And she did. The psychologist was wearing gloves, thankfully, but that didn't mean she wasn't incredibly uncomfortable. The apparatus put pressure on her upper teeth as the man forced it in, and she felt it settle into place. "There...easy, right?" He said, sitting back down in his chair. He was talking to her like a child. "Now, I'd just like to go over what you're in for." Pulling out a folder, he set it down on the table. "My name's Dr. Matthias, Joanne." the Doctor said, and Gradient couldn't help but frown more as she heard the name *Joanne.* It was her false name. "Your full name is...Joanne L'Áhfo, former employee of Carbine Industries, you were fired three years ago and you decided that it was time to take matters into your own hands. This is correct, yes?" No. No it wasn't. It wasn't her life. But Gradient nodded anyways, and repeated her false backstory in greater detail. "Yes. Carbine fired me after I failed to meet multiple project deadlines." She began, leaning back in her chair. "The people at fault were my coworkers. So I killed them." She said this rather blankly, matching the character she'd come up with for this. Unfeeling, unwanted, and cold. "Right. And do you have regret?" Dr. Matthias asked, tilting his head. Gradient shook her head, looking up at the ceiling. "I see." He mumbled, looking through the folder before shutting it and standing up. "Well, that's everything we need." He suddenly stated, "I'm supposed to lead you to your cell. Come on."
