*"Alright, we've got our orders. Two squads, each end of the ship. Derrick, you're going with the HDEATH team."*

That were his orders. Only a few months after the *Silver Pike* incident, Derrick had returned to the star Cintura, to help a cleanup crew decimate what remained of the worm-zombies that had butchered most of the *Pike's* crew. But this time, he would be boarding the third ship that was part of the incident: An old Hammerhead ship called the HSS. It was massive, having been planned to be used as a settlement ship. The worm-zombies, over the months, had probably gotten into every crack and crevice of the ship, and due to that, he and the squad he would be joining were going to wear HDEATH suits modified for combat. The squad on the bow of the ship had none, but the bow of the ship was deemed safer. Nobody was quite sure what was happening at the stern. Scans had shown...growths of meat. As Derrick climbed into his HDEATH suit, and it snapped shut around him, he began to feel nervous. "Cheer up!" One of the squadmates said, also in an HDEATH suit, slamming a fist into the shoulder of Derrick's HDEATH suit. "We're safe as hell in these boys." He said, through the radio, which crackled slightly. The ship they were in jostled and creaked as it slowed down above the HSS, and was about to forcefully dock with the roof of the ship, drilling a hole through it. All four of the HDEATH squad were standing near the exit hatch, ready to drop down directly into the ship. *"Remember,"* A voice on the radio said. The captain of the ship. *"Flamethrowers on the growths. Anything else, fill 'em with holes."* The captain said. She turned her radio off right afterwards, leaving the four HDEATH suits standing in silence. "Been waiting to give this thing a try." Another squadmate said. She lifted her arm up and Derrick could hear the servos of the HDEATH suit whirr. "Sara, are you sure you can handle it?" The squad leader asked, bashing Sara on the shoulder. "I'll live..." Sara grumbled, lowering her arm. "Derrick, you good?" She asked, looking at Derrick. "Yeah. Not happy about this." He responded. "Weren't you a part of the whole *Pike* situation?" The squad leader, Eshara, asked. "Must suck, being dragged back into it like this." He laughed. "You have no idea..." Derrick muttered, staring at the exit hatch positioned below them. \
*"Port's opening."* The captain said. As soon as she said that, the port began to slid open with a deafening screech. *"Drop down, and the timer starts. We're keeping track of you from up here, so don't worry about getting lost. Just do what you have to."* Eshara pulled a large flamethrower off the back of his HDEATH suit and flipped a few switches on it before *thunking* a lever on the top of the metal flamethrower into place. Sara attached under-arm weapons to her HDEATH suit and was the first to drop down, flying down into the HSS, and she landed on the deck below with a *thunk* that echoed off of the walls below. Derrick followed, dropping down the hatch like a brick in the HDEATH suit, and he landed next to Sara with a similarly loud *thunk* that bounced off the walls. Eshara followed, dropping down aswell. Then, the last member, Rolan, dropped down and landed next to Derrick. "*What* the *fuck?*" Eshara hissed, looking around. The large hallways of the HSS were covered in...meat? Derrick looked around, his eyes wide. Immediately, his breathing picked up and became shallower. Large growths had sprung out from the walls, disgusting and bloody. "Where did all of this even come from...?!" Sara wondered, as Eshara approached one of the growths, and lifted the flamethrower. "This is worse than I thought it was." He muttered, before pulling the trigger on the flamethrower. "We might not- have enough fuel to deal with this." He flinched as the flames began to burn through the growth on the wall. It wriggled. *It wriggled.* "This ain't no ordinary cleanup..." Rolan muttered, pulling out his own flamethrower. "Shoulda known that from the start, Rolan." Sara grumbled, watching the left end of the hallway. "They said those things are still alive around here." She added. Derrick turned towards the right end as Rolan and Eshara continued to burn through the growths. "If we make too much noise, they're probably going to come straight for us." \
"Yeah." Derrick muttered, before he suddenly noticed something...blood on the walls. It looked fresh. Inside the HDEATH armor, he could use its scanners to try and identify how old the blood was, precisely. And so, he stomped over to the blood and flicked open a panel on the left arm of the HDEATH, inputting a scanning command. One of the sensors on the HDEATH beeped, and it scanned the blood. *"Hemoglobin-plasma combination, human blood. Two days, five hours, and six minutes old."* The onboard AI stated. "Two days...?" Derrick muttered, turning back to the group. "Guys. There's blood on the walls. And it's new." 

"What?" Rolan asked, turning towards Derrick. "Oh fuck..." Eshara muttered, turning his flamethrower off. "Don't tell me some fucking idiots decided to go search the ship themselves. If we've got to deal with a missing persons case, I-" But he stopped. The entire group froze as they suddenly heard a bloodcurdling cacophony of screeching echo through the ship. 
