# 1
# Breathe
## 05:56, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### August 15th, 2096
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26
#### [OFFLINE GRIDRUNNER]

A flash. Blood. Blood *everywhere.* On the walls, the floor...the windows, looking out into space. Bloody handprints smeared across the once pristine glass...and body parts. Mutilated corpses strewn about. Heads torn apart, their brains spilling out like jam. Broken arms, legs...torsos. A walking corpse. So many walking corpses...the worms...the sensation of a skull being crushed underneath her foot. Death. Death everywhere. Death around every corner, inside every crevice of the ship. In the endless cold of deep space. No way out. No way to live. Nowhere to hide. She was going to die here. It was all her fault. \
But then, Cisila bolted upright. She was sitting in her bed. Sunlight was pouring in from the windows of her bedroom. She was hyperventilating, and sweat was running down her forehead. It was cold sweat, and she was absolutely drenched. Looking around her room, she couldn't stop herself from panicking. *You're awake.* She told herself, trying to deepen her breathing. *It was just a nightmare. Again.* But she let go of her blanket and saw that she was shaking. Cisila slowly wiped her forehead, feeling the cold sweat. Closing her eyes slowly, she took control of her breathing. In, and out. In...and out. *Just a nightmare.* She reminded herself. Cisila breathed in through her nose, and exhaled through her mouth. *Okay.* She thought. Ever since the incident aboard the *Silver Pike,* Cisila had had recurring nightmares. The first night it happened, back on the *Platinum Halberd,* was still clear in her memory. Her scream as she had woken up that night also made everybody in her dorm jump. Being on the ship hadn't helped, either. All she could see in the corridors of the *Halberd* was blood, guts and death. Even if it wasn't the victim of the worms' parasitic infection, the corridors of the *Pike* were identical to the *Halberd.* Cisila begged to be let go from the engineer team, as she was physically unable to work. Emdara had obliged this, and called for a transport. Now, she was back home in Amadnésam after only a little over a week since the incident, which had since been internally called by Carbine the *Silver Pike Massacre*. The ship was now under for refits and repairs, and was currently out of service. The *Halberd* had to work double time to cover the research that the Pike was going to miss while it was out. Slowly, Cisila slid out of her bed and walked over to the window, and stared out at Amadnésam. Her breathing may have stabilised, but it still felt shaky. Amadnésam was bright. Shiny. Every skyscraper glinted in the early morning light. Cisila pulled a towel off of her desk and dried her face off slowly. Putting it down after she felt better, Cisila walked back over to her bed and unplugged her phone from its charger. Picking it up, she hesitated. Amélia, one of the *Halberd's* crew members that boarded the *Pike* with Cisila, wanted Cisila to call her if she continued to have nightmares. But it was early in the morning, and she was unsure if the *Halberd* even had a stable enough connection for calls to go through. *"I don't care when you call me- just, please, call me. I don't want you to just disappear. We're gonna miss you."* She had said. Cisila sighed, and relented, calling Amé.

There was a pause as her phone attempted a connection to the *Halberd.* But after what felt like an eternity, Amé picked up. "Cis?" She said, happily. "Hey..." Cisila mumbled, and only then she realized how *queasy* she sounded. Looking down at her free hand as her other held the phone up to her ear, she was still shaking. "...You okay?" Amé asked, her tone immediately shifting. "It- it happened again." Cisila said, leaning against the wall. "Ah, shit..." Amé muttered, "The nightmare?" She asked. "Yes..." Cisila replied. A brief silence followed. Amé sighed. "Cisila, you-..." She struggled to put together her thoughts. "...I think you need to get help with that." Amé finally explained. "What?" Cisila asked quietly. "Like, a- a therapist." Amé stuttered. "Y'know." Cisila frowned. "I'm not going to a shrink..." She muttered. "Oh, come *on...*" Amé groaned. "Solen from the *Pike's* been on therapy ever since the *Pike* incident." She explained. "It can't be *that* bad." \
Cisila sighed. "I'll...look into it." She slowly replied. But she wasn't going to. "I'll call you back." Amé said, "Don't do anything crazy, alright?" She added. "Yeah. Talk to you later..." Cisila mumbled, before hanging up. Putting her phone down, she picked up a hairbrush and tried to settle her hair. It still covered her right eye, and was still poofy. She tied her hair back into a ponytail, which resembled a prickly, pointy bush than a ponytail. Heading over to her closet, Cisila changed out of her nightwear and into something more comfortable: A dark magenta tank-top made of a sleek, woven fabric that felt smooth and pleasant, almost like velvet. Sturdy light gray cargo pants with multiple pockets were the next thing she pulled on, digging through the pockets to see if she'd forgotten to take anything out of them. There was nothing. Next, she pulled out a black vest and slowly put it on. It had dark magenta accents similar to her tank-top, and felt like it was made with carbon fibre. Finally, she pulled on fingerless gloves aswell as what looked to be gauntlets made of a mixture of carbon fibre, metal, and rubber. Grooves ran through them, creating an odd geometrical pattern on the metal. *Okay...* She thought, finally having calmed down completely. *One more thing.* She reached into the closet and ran her hand along the back wall, trying to find a panel. It was hard to find in the dark closet, through her clothes. But after a minute of searching, her hand found the groove of the hidden panel, and she pushed the panel inwards. With a small *click,* the panel swung outwards. *There it is.* Cisila smiled, and reached in. She pulled out some kind of device that resembled a smartphone, but had no touchscreen. It did have a few dials and switches. She quickly fastened it to her vest, and detached something from the device that resembled an earphone. Placing it into her ear, Cisila flipped one of the switches on the device, and it flared to life with a small whirring noise. A voice pierced her ear from the earphone. *"Gridrunner System Online."* It rattled off. It was a digital voice. *"Date, August fifteenth, twenty-ninety-six. Time...six oh two A.M. This Gridrunner Module last online on January thirteenth, twenty-ninety-five."* She walked over to her bedroom window and pulled it open, letting the noise of the city pour in. The cool air flowed in. *"Welcome back, Gridrunner."* The voice said, before letting the Gridrunner Module's bootup sound play. In Amadnésam, before boarding the *Halberd,* Cisila had been a Gridrunner. A network of freelancers who had various experiences in dozens of fields, all working for pay to destabilise sections of the city in order to deactivate the Grid, and get rid of the iron grip certain companies in the city had. During her former days, she had been an engineer Gridrunner, specializing in messing with mechanical systems. And now, after over a year, she'd jump back into it. But first...she had to call someone. Twisting one of the dials on the Gridrunner Module, Cisila climbed out of her window and onto the fire escape outside. She made her way up the fire escape and onto the roof of the building she was staying in. The Module whirred and beeped before confirming her call. *"Calling username MESMA. Confirm?"* Cisila simply muttered a confirmation as she reached the roof and looked around. It felt open. Much more open than the *Halberd* and the *Pike* ever had.

"Yo!" MESMA said as the call connected. "You're back!" She said excitedly. "Yes, ma'am. I am." Cisila responded, smiling. "Why *are* you back, though?" MESMA asked. "Uh-" Cisila stuttered. "Let's not...talk about that. Do you have anything?" She asked. "Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. I think." MESMA replied. For now, she was letting the topic of Cisila's reappearance to rest. But MESMA would ask eventually. She always did. "There's a few things that aren't really related to your engineer tag, but, uh...I *think* you could do 'em?" MESMA muttered. "There's a Gridrunner that needs a delivery picked up. Broke his leg. It's a hacking device we need, and-" MESMA paused. "I know we don't do *deliveries*, but it's...this one's really important." Cisila nodded. "Okay. Where is it? I can take care of it. Just need something to get my mind off of things." She walked over to the edge of the rooftop, and looked around. She saw a few Gridwires (something Gridrunners used as ziplines) running atop the buildings. "Cool." MESMA said. "Your Module will link up with the device's signal. It should be at the post office by Leth-Helehàm East. That work?" Cisila pulled out her phone and quickly checked her map app, where MESMA had already linked the location. "Yeah." She said, "Kind of a long way, but I think...I *think* I can get to it." She was a little unsure she could remember where every Gridwire and Jump Module was, but she'd get there nonetheless. "Timer's starting now." MESMA said. The Module's digital voice began to count down. *"Three. Two. One. Gridrun beginning. Detailing best path. Welcome back, username MAGENTAVOID."* \
Immediately, Cisila leaped off of the building and latched onto a Gridwire, pulling a link clip out from her vest. It was attached to a bungee cord, which was embedded into the carbon fibre vest. Clicking it in and letting go of the Gridwire, she began to speed up. The Gridwire sparked as the metal link clip screeched against it. This specific Gridwire, one Cisila used to use daily, brought her from her apartment building to the end of the next street. Buildings flew by her as the Gridwire link continued to speed her up. She pulled her legs up so they weren't dangling, and prepared to snap the link in order to drop onto the roof that the Gridwire connected to. Gridwires were connected to rooftops via tall poles, in order to allow Gridrunners a safe drop point for when the wire stopped. "Doing good so far." MESMA reported. "I can see you. Already doing your thing, huh?" Cisila nodded. "Watching me on security?" Cisila asked as she zipped towards the end of the Gridwire, and snapped the link off of the wire. She dropped to the roof and into a roll, skidding across the roof before bouncing back up onto her feet. "Nah." MESMA responded. "While you were gone, doing whatever, we got a whole network of cameras set up around this sector. We can see *everything* that happens. Publicly. We didn't put cameras in the bathrooms. Or apartments." MESMA tried to catch herself. "We're not *weirdos,* is what I'm trying to say." Cisila broke into a sprint and began swiftly ducking and sliding over any obstacles in her way, and each building gap that she approached...she leaped over. Cisila didn't even bother looking at the streets below. "Yeah. I get it." Cisila muttered, sliding over a ventilation unit. "The Gridrunner system's been doing good since you disappeared. \
Not that you weren't important..." MESMA tried to explain, "Well- it's- it's-...we're fine. That's what I'm trying to say. Nobody's been able to catch a Gridrunner since...since, well...yeah." She muttered that last part. Cisila was still unsure of *what* MESMA was talking about, even after several years of Gridrunning. *Who* had been caught? When? Why? And how? It was nothing Cisila couldn't eventually figure out, but for the time being, it was no worry. As she sped up, her shoes hit the ground hard. The sleek buildings of Amadnésam flew by her, bright white and stylistically simple. Wide open windows and large floorspaces were the standard for office workspaces here, while apartments and more private areas had smaller windows and were built like older homes. Every rooftop had a slick surface, and made it easy to gain speed. "Getting closer." MESMA reported. "Another Gridwire'll take you to Leth-Helehàm. Just gotta get to the east bit of the place." Cisila leaped up and grabbed onto another gridwire, snapping her link clip onto it. Immediately, she was sent down from the higher building towards a lower one, closer to the street. She was now entering Leth-Helehàm. It was a smaller section of the Grid Sector - in fact, this whole Sector was much smaller than the rest. There were no crazy skyscrapers. There were no massive companies making their home here...it was a bit simpler. It was where the Gridrunners resided. "You *might* not be aware, by the way, uh..." MESMA started as Cisila snapped the link clip off of the Gridwire, and repeated the rolling drop, before continuing to parkour her way towards the package. "About half a year ago, one of the largest skyscrapers in Grid One went up in flames. It was a Carbine tower. It's...well...media coverage and investigators couldn't pinpoint how it happened exactly..." Cisila leaped over a set of chairs on a rooftop, nearly at the destination. "But the general theory is that some kind of crazy cult put the place up in flames." *Crazy cult...?* Cisila thought, beginning to climb down a building onto a street. The package was sitting in an alleyway here. As she climbed down, she flicked another switch on the Gridrunner Module. *"Destination nearby. Once on the street, take a left, and head down the nearest alleyway."* Letting go of her foot and handholds, she landed on the street, and followed the directions. "What kind of cult would put a Carbine tower up in flames?" Cisila asked. "Let alone the Amadnésam tower. Doesn't..." She paused. "Isn't that place more of a storage unit than an actual Carbine detachment?" Heading into the alleyway, she waited for an answer. "I mean- yeah." MESMA responded. "Nobody's got a clue *why* they did it. Wasn't even that big of a deal, except for the giant eyesore the skyline has now. There *were* people there, but they all got out safe." MESMA sighed. "Seriously. *No* clue." Cisila shook her head, "Stupid..." she muttered, and she found the package hiding in the alleyway. Opening it up, she pulled out the hacking device. It was like a brick with a screen, and a small antenna. Plenty of grooves, buttons and dials were on it. It was off. "Got it." Cisila said, fastening it to her belt. "Should I bring it back to you?" She asked. "Yes please, Void." MESMA replied, "The Gridrun's over, by the way. Pretty good for being rusty." \
Cisila grumbled. "I'm not *that* good." \
"Oh, shuddup." MESMA snorted. "Just bring the thing back."

-

Cisila climbed through the window of MESMA's apartment, which wasn't one she actually owned. It was in the middle of the quietest district in the sector, and was abandoned. MESMA had simply set up her station, gear, and living quarters here. The dilapidated building had broken windows, stained walls and mouldy carpet. The floor MESMA used was only clean because of her efforts. Walking over to MESMA's station, where she was sitting, Cisila put the device down on her desk. "There." She said, tapping the thing with her pointer finger. "Neato..." MESMA said, picking it up. "It's a SOLARdawn device. Fine-tuned to detect any frequency. It *really* fucks up comm systems." MESMA explained the device as she began to hook it up to her setup. "If we use it right, then we can divert, distract and mess with any security force that goes after a Gridrunner. I just need to get it up the chain a little, see if we can recreate it, and..." MESMA sighed. "It's a lot of work." Cisila crossed her arms and cocked her head. "Nobody doing what you ask still?" Cisila prodded. "...Eeeyeah." MESMA said, frowning. "It's just business as usual." she admitted. "I try to get everybody to take the next step and update the Module system, but nobody wants to." MESMA rolled her chair back and got up, and Cisila got a good look at her. Dark eyebags were under her eyes. Her blonde hair was a mess, and draped over her shoulders and around her neck. Her skin was pale, whiter than even Cisila, who already spent a lot of time inside. "It's a bit of a gamble for them." MESMA explained, crossing her arms. She was wearing a sweater vest with a large hood, her arms bare like Cisila's. But unlike Cisila, there were rough scars running down MESMA's right arm. They had been there for years, as long as Cisila had known MESMA. She was also wearing pants that fanned out near the bottom, hiding her shoes. They were gray like Cisila's, but had stripes running along the sides of bright yellow-green. Like her pants, MESMA's sweater vest also had the neon yellow-green as an accent to its black. MESMA, in general, was a mess. The apartment, despite already being dilapidated, had an incredibly amount of boxes strewn about, ones that MESMA hadn't even opened. And because the apartment had no proper power source, the lights were off. But MESMA's setup was on...Cisila stared at it, raising an eyebrow. She was never sure how the damn thing was even on. However, MESMA walked over to a large beanbag and flopped down onto it. "But it's a gamble that we'd *win...*" MESMA muttered, crossing her arms. "You're sure?" Cisila asked. "After the incident a few years ago, nobody's really keen to, uh..." she paused. "...to trust your gambling instincts." MESMA grumbled and frowned. "It wasn't *that* big of a problem." \
Cisila sat down next to MESMA in the bean bag and realized almost immediately that she was too close. "...Bit close...sorry." She muttered, trying to pull herself away. "Oh, it's a beanbag, it'll happen..." MESMA absentmindedly replied. She seemed to be thinking hard. "...I mean, come on...that device could be *huge* for Gridrunner safety..." MESMA mumbled. "Right." Cisila replied, rubbing her eyes with her thumb and pointer finger. She sighed, before looking at MESMA. "Do you have anything else I could do?" She asked. "Not today..." MESMA said, looking at her. "Sorry. Techie Gridrunners have already taken all the jobs. Up bright and fuckin' early..." she muttered. "Just like *someone* I know." Cisila replied, nudging MESMA with her elbow. "Shut the hell up..." MESMA snorted, swatting her away. "Go do your real job...I gotta keep an eye on the cams." \
"Righto." Cisila said, getting up. Now, she felt much, much better. Now, she'd have to get ready for her day job at a small, professional school where she was a temporary student teacher. Carbine had assigned the job to her after she left the *Halberd* so she'd still have something to do, and be paid for doing that thing.

She wasn't excited.

-

# 2
# Carbine Industries College
## 12:13, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### August 15th, 2096
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26
#### [ONLINE GRIDRUNNER]

*A chapter showcasing Cisila's job at a private, Carbine owned college focused on shipbuilding and engineering. Not too plot important, but it is important to worldbuilding. Why does Carbine own a college? How well does it operate?*

# 3
# Skyscrapers
## 13:24, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### August 16th, 2096
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26
#### [ONLINE GRIDRUNNER]

*MESMA finally gets Cisila an engineer Gridrunner job, involving heading up the tallest skyscraper and stripping the security system for some kind of infiltration team a few hours before they enter. The building: SOLARdawn tower. Cisila easily finds her way up the tower, ducking in and out of it, as it is partially under construction, so she uses lifts to gain height. Reaching the top, she strips the security system, but finds she can't completely deactivate it. She must go out to the edge of the main systems receiver, which sticks out from the tower and is a drop to the ground if you misstep. Carefully getting there, she finds what she needs to deactivate the security system. As soon as she does, however, she trips an alarm. She has to sprint back down the tower as fast as she can, lest she be caught by SOLARSec.* \
*Upon hearing about this, MESMA freaks out. She wonders who the job was even from, and tells Cisila she's going to research it. Upon getting home to her apartment, Cisila finds she has a call. Answering it, she quickly learns that a person involved with the Pike and Halberd incident wants to talk to her. And to her complete shock, it's Maria Limáida. One of the designers. Why would she want to talk to Cisila?*

# 4
# Limáida
## 16:56, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### August 17th, 2096
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CISILA J. SIVETA, 26
#### [ONLINE GRIDRUNNER]

Cisila nervously pulled open the door to the cafe on the lower part of her street, and stepped inside. It was quiet, as nobody came here during the time around dinner. The floor was a rich brown wood, which thunked nicely under her feet. The walls were a nice, subtle dark green that didn't make the place look *too* fancy. There were dozens upon dozens of tables, most of which were empty. The setting sun's beams leaked through the windows, and Cisila noticed that the lights were off. The people usually behind the counter making food weren't there, either. There was only one person inside the dim cafe, sitting by one of the large glass windows. They were silhouetted by the light of the setting sun, and Cisila couldn't quite see their face. But she knew who it was. For a couple of days, Maria Limáida was in Amadnésam, and it was *all* because of Cisila herself. However, she still wasn't sure *why* Limáida was here. Did she want to talk about what happened with the *Silver Pike?* Or was it something else? She had met Maria briefly after the *Pike* incident, but the two didn't speak for long. But now, Maria had gone out of her way to physically *meet* Cisila in Amadnésam for some odd reason. And this was where she had chosen to meet. A small cafe. Slowly, Cisila walked over to Maria, who looked up at her as she approached. Her round glasses glinted in the sunlight. Her hair was dark, and messy, but not incredibly tangled and long like Cisila's. She looked constantly tired, and her eyes looked Cisila up and down for a brief moment. Her coat had a large collar which fanned out on either side of her face, and it seemed kind of tight. Especially odd, considering the weather. With a small smile, Maria tilted her head towards the seat opposite her. "Have a seat." She said. Cisila nodded silently and pulled the chair back, and she sat down in it, facing Maria. Maria had a cup of coffee in her hands, and it was still steaming. "Can you guess why we're meeting?" Maria quietly asked. "No..." Cisila replied, shaking her head. "There's...a few things." Maria began. "I understand it hasn't been long since the incident with three-two-seven, but..." she sighed deeply. "I just need to ask you some questions, away from everybody." So it *was* about the *Pike...* \
"Where did the large ship come from?" Maria first asked. "I don't know..." Cisila responded, clamping her hands together and resting them on the table between the two. "It came out of nowhere, blocking out stars. It had no power, aside from the auxiliary life systems. They were running on emergency power." She explained. Maria frowned. "That ship..." She mumbled. "That ship- was Hammerhead's." Cisila's brow furrowed and she stared at Maria. "It was a *Hammerhead* ship?" She asked. "Yes. I- I recognised it immediately. I was around for the construction." Maria explained quietly, looking down at her coffee. "It's just...debris, though. And unfit for humans. Toxic gas fills its hallways." Cisila pursed her lips and fidgeted a little in her seat. "But..." She began, and Maria looked up at her. "...But I was *on* it." Cisila said. "There was a man. He...he went insane." Memories flashed through her head. A gun. An unhinged smile. "He made me play a game of Russian roulette, in the atrium of the ship. Surrounded by nothing. I almost died there." She quietly explained. Maria watched her, and Cisila could tell that even here, Maria's brain was moving a mile a minute. "Right..." She muttered. "And then those...those things..." Maria replied, "They ran onto the Hammerhead ship because of the *Pike's* power-up sequence, right?" Cisila nodded. "Is- is it still out there? Is it still a problem?" She asked. "We've been avoiding it." Maria said. "Nobody's wanted to go near it. And as long as it stays near Cintura...it's technically not a danger. But I *want* to get rid of it." She explained, pushing her glasses up her nose with her pointer finger. "I don't like...having a possible problem like that. Especially considering what they did to the *Pike...*" Maria leaned back in her chair and sighed deeply. "But nobody's been allowed near it." She added. "Now, uh..." Leaning forward and looking at Cisila again, Maria lifted her glasses up for a moment and rubbed her eyes, before sliding her glasses back down. 

"There's something else I wanted to ask." Maria said, watching Cisila carefully. Like she was scanning her face. Maria paused, and seemed to think about what she was going to say next. Cisila watched nervously. Slowly, Maria pulled a notebook out from her jacket and flipped through it, before setting it on the table. "There was someone I met, twenty some years ago..." She began to explain, sliding the notebook across the table towards Cisila. "And she looked exactly like you." Cisila stared down at the notebook, and saw that Maria had sketched what looked like Cisila...but something was off. Her arms were...robotic? Her hair was slightly shorter and didn't cover her eye. A metal apparatus replaced the eye that was usually hidden under her hair. The woman looked older. Faded scars were etched into her face. It was an *excellent* sketch, and seemingly from memory. It really did resemble her. "The resemblance is uncanny." Maria said, leaning forward. "It's almost *too* uncanny. I've got a good memory of that moment, and you're identical to her, aside from the...the obvious differences." She explained, placing a finger on the notebook, pointing at the metal apparatus. "How old are you, again?" Maria asked, looking up at her once more. "Twenty-six." Cisila responded. "When did...when did you meet her?" She asked Maria. "2076." Maria replied. "It sounds like you would've been...six, at the time." Maria sighed. "Did you have a mother?" Maria then asked. "Uh-" Cisila stuttered. The answer was yes, but not the one Maria was looking for. Maria meant birth mother. Maybe she was trying to see if this woman was Cisila's mother. "Hang on...let me think..." She pinched the bridge of her nose and scrunched her eyes shut. Searching through her mind, she tried to remember a *thing* about having a birth mother. There was nothing, just hazy memories of being a child. A feeling shot up through her spine suddenly, and she flinched. She *did* remember something. The hooded woman. The one who had told her to shut her eyes, and never look at violence. Was it her memory betraying her, or did...did the woman have that metal eye apparatus? Cisila thought harder. Somewhere...*somewhere,* must have been the woman's appearance. Suddenly, she opened her eyes. "Oh my God..." She muttered, picking up the notebook. "Hang on...hang on. Oh *fuck...*" Cisila's face fell as she stared at the face on the paper. "Do you remember her?" Maria asked. "Yes...I used to call her mom. For a few...a few days, maybe. I don't remember what happened, but after only a few days, I never saw her again. She disappeared as soon as she appeared, after rescuing me from...from something. I don't know what." She tried harder to remember. Her head was starting to hurt. "I don't think she was my mother, though. She tried to explain...did she? Fuck..." It was difficult. There were no voices, no images...just feelings. "I don't think I ever *had* a birth mother." Cisila muttered, putting down the notebook. \
Maria looked extremely concerned. "...I'm assuming that you're struggling to remember this because you were a child at the time." She said. "Which means..." Maria leaned back and pursed her lips, her eyes darting every which way. "She may have found you after she met me. In 2076." She finally said, after a moment of thinking. "I'm remembering...I wasn't in Amadnésam for it, but I remember reading a news article about a terrorist attack on SOLARdawn. The only photo they had was clearly of that woman...to me, at least. Only a few hours afterwards, SOLARdawn put out a warning that the terrorists had stolen a child. They used a cover story, saying it was the child of an executive...but Amadnésam Gridrunners leaked some security camera footage." Maria put her face in her hands. "It was that woman discovering a child, in an empty room. Alone, in the main SOLARdawn tower." Cisila watched in horror as Maria repeated information back to her that she had heard before. That she had been through, and only now was just remembering. "I remember hearing an audio rip of the footage, aswell. And now that I think about it, your voice...it's identical to hers, aswell. Oh my God..." Maria continued to explain. Everything seemed to be clicking together for her, but Cisila couldn't quite understand where she was going. Lifting her head up, Maria stared at Cisila. "All the evidence lines up to one thing, Cisila." She said. "And it's something I've never, ever wanted to see with my own eyes. Successfully, at least." \
She frowned, and plowed on with her explanation. "SOLARdawn is notorious for...a lot of things. In Amadnésam, at least. They came from Earth and managed to get a stake in the market pretty early on, and they've been through hell with controversies relating to their pharmaceutical practices. Most notably, the editing and replicating of the human genome." Cisila's eyes went wide. *No, she can't be saying that...* But her mind paused. "They must've learned to keep it secret. That woman...that *woman*...who was she...?" Maria muttered, pulling the notebook back to herself, and staring at it. "I don't know who she was, Cisila, but..." Maria sighed.

"Everything is pointing to you being a clone of this woman." She said.

Cisila blinked. She looked down at her own hands.

"I've always hated the idea, and I..." Maria shut her eyes for a moment, and inhaled deeply, before exhaling. "I'm sorry. I don't know how you're going to deal with this."
