# 1
# Warning: Severe Rainfall
## 21:25, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 20th, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

It was perhaps the worst storm that the city Amadnésam had suffered through ever. Thick droplets of water pounded the windows of every building, and in every ditch and crevice, large puddles of water were forming, constantly rippling from the relentless rain coming down from above. The skyscrapers, towers, and all the smaller buildings in Amadnésam were drenched in water. But on the rooftop of a particular building, sat a figure with a large, bulky sniper rifle on a tripod, aimed towards an apartment building on the adjacent block. Its scope was zeroed in on the only window that had light. The figure themselves wore a large, rustling cloak, which billowed in the heavy winds. The cloak only reached down to her waist, covering her from her head to her wrists. Water ran through its many folds. The texture of the cloak made it look shiny, and smooth. Underneath the hood, only a single eye peered out. The other was gone, replaced by a metal apparatus, with no visible lense or way to see, but nonetheless, it stared down the scope of the rifle. Underneath their cloak, they were wearing premier military gear, designed and tailored specifically to them, in all black with hints of a drab purple. The cloak too had purple accenting, but was barely visible in the dark. Below the buildings, the street lights were dim. Nobody was outside. Nobody except for the Gradient. As she stared down the scope of the sniper rifle, she waited, and waited, until suddenly...the radio strapped to her combat vest buzzed. Her real eye flicked down to it and she carefully turned it on. For a very brief moment, static filled her ears as the radio connected to the earpieces she had on. Her radio was connected to a news station at the moment, and she heard a news anchor rattle off about the ongoing weather. *"...weather continues to be bad, specifically in the area around Amadnésam. The rain is projected to continue for another day and a half, so if you need to go out tomorrow, safety is extremely advised. The metro system is the safest way of transportation. However, in recent days, the metro..."* Gradient sighed, and flicked the radio back towards its military configuration. "Wind speeds are going at about 56 kilometres an hour." She reported. The apparatus in her right eye had been measuring wind speeds, rainfall, and everything around for about the past hour as she had sat silently. "It's going to mess up any projectile trajectory if I don't make any adjustments." She waited patiently for a response. After a brief moment, the radio crackled to life. *"Yeah."* Said the voice of Lieutenant Kellien. *"Yeah, it's pretty-"* The radio crackled as he spoke, the connection breaking. *"-d. So bad I think it's contributing to our comm problems. Shit..."* He hissed, sighing. *"Keep an eye on our target. SOLARdawn's not going to let us get close to this person again, so if you miss your shot, it's over. Do you remember how to use the rifle, Gradient?"* Kellien pressed, needing to make sure she absolutely knew what she was doing. "I do." Gradient said, pulling the bolt back. There were no real bullets in this rifle. It worked off of technology she wasn't familiar with. "Just like a normal rifle. It just...needs to cool down, right?" She asked. *"Yeah."* Kellien responded, having to raise his voice against the wind and the rain. *"We're keeping an eye on every other entrance to the building. Nobody's come in or out yet. He's still inside."* He added. \
"Got it." Gradient said, keeping the large rifle trained on the window. Inside this specific room was an office, belonging to a SOLARdawn employee. SOLARdawn, on the surface, appeared to be like any company on Lúniks. Proud, modern, and always innovating. But HEART and Gradient had discovered that they weren't all what they seemed. Somehow, over the years, PALMER-EDEN had found its way to Lúniks, in an altered, mutated form. SOLARdawn. 

The employee they were going after had something they needed, and they could only get it by killing him. There was no way for them to leave him alive without creating a possible leak in their plans. If the man said anything, it would likely be over. They needed the man's BioCard, to access the SOLARdawn facility in Amadnésam. Under the cover of the rain and night, HEART was going to kill him. And just as her mind turned to SOLARdawn again, Gradient spotted something through the scope. It was the man entering his office. "Shit-" She spat. "He's in." Tightly holding onto the rifle, she pulled the bolt back fully and slammed it forward. The rifle whirred and she felt the entire thing warm up briefly. A couple heat vents warmed to the point that they began to glow. *"Positions, everybody."* Kellien commanded. *"She's about to take the shot. If we don't get in there ASAP, somebody'll find him."* \
Gradient settled her finger on the trigger as she aimed the rifle along the path the man was taking to his chair. It would be easier once he sat down. Gradient felt as if time had slowed to an agonizing crawl, each step the man took felt as it ran in slow motion. The rain continued to fall harder and harder. But eventually, the man made it to his chair at his desk, and sat down. He leaned back, and seemed to sigh. "Ready." Gradient said, beginning to put pressure on the trigger. The rifle whirred harder, whatever energy was inside began to build up. *"Copy that."* Kellien replied, the wind howling and crackling his mic. *"Fire when ready, Gradient."* And she was. But just before she fully pulled the trigger, the man sat up, seemed to look directly at her, and the blinds to the window autonomously closed. "What the-..." Gradient mouthed silently, sudden panic overcoming her. In a split second, her shot had disappeared. The man had looked right at her, somehow. And then the blinds had shut. But she could still shoot through the blinds. *"Gradient?"* Kellien asked over the radio, *"Gradient, there was no shot. Is everything fine?"* He pressed. She ignored him, and instead pulled the trigger. The rifle's whirring turned into a high-pitched screech as the projectile blasted out of the barrel and towards the blinds. But just before the projectile hit, a second set of blinds, on the exterior of the building, slid shut with a deep *clang* that she could hear through the heavy rain. The bolt of energy hit the metal and dissipated. Gradient had missed her chance. \
But then, somehow, it got ten times worse. "He spotted me. Blinds are closed. Run." She hissed, as quickly as she could. *"What?"* Kellien gasped, before Gradient could hear footsteps from his end of the radio. *"Oh, shit."* he said, despondent. *"Everybody- run. Run!"* Just as fast as Kellien had been found, Gradient too heard footsteps. She immediately let go of her rifle, stood up, and whipped around. The cloak she was wearing flared out as she spun around, droplets of rain flinging out around her. Heavy boots thumped their way up the stairs, and Gradient lowered her cybernetic hand towards the CFI-3 blade fastened to her toolbelt, in its sheathe. Her cold, metal hand rested on the hilt, under the cloak. The rooftop access door that she had come through several hours earlier slammed open and SOLARSec (a SOLARdawn subsidiary) guards rushed out. They were dressed in large tarp-like cloaks to protect against the rain, and most of their gear was hidden underneath them. The SOLARSec logo was plastered over their cloaks, proudly displaying the blazing gold, silver and white logo. Their gear was primarily white aswell, and their shining helmets reflected the lights from above and around the rooftop. Gradient fastened her grip on the hilt, tilting the whole blade forward in its sheathe. She slid her hand down to the sheathe and gripped that instead, allowing her right hand to pull the blade free when needed. *"You're under arrest for breaching SOLARdawn Service Terms, Act four, Article Three-B."* The lead SOLARSec guard rattled off, the helmet's voice manipulator masking their voice with a thick, static-filled drone.

Gradient used her free hand to pinch the bridge of her nose for a second. The cold metal didn't hurt, but it was something she had never gotten used to. She sighed. Instead of surrendering herself, Gradient was going to fight back. Even though not many bothered to fight back against SOLARSec. But today, she couldn't risk it. And so, Gradient swiftly held onto the CFI-3 blade's grip with her right hand, and spread her legs to gain a more balanced offensive stance. The CFI-3 blade made the air around it quiver as it slid out of its sheathe, with a quiet hum. The SOLARSec guards pulled out their own melee weapons. They weren't allowed to use firearms for safety reasons, and for that, they would be easy to take down. With a slick *shing,* the blade left its sheathe and Gradient twirled it around, taking her offensive fighting stance, with both hands holding onto the blade tightly. She held it at shoulder height and the tip of the blade was aimed towards the ground. It would function as a good block if need be. "If you're not going to comply..." The lead SOLARSec guard hissed, and pulled out his own blade. a CFI-2, a slightly less advanced model of Gradient's blade. "Then you are sentenced to death, under Máneá law." *What Máneá law?* Her mind echoed quietly before the guards suddenly rushed towards her, their cloaks billowing out. The rain pounded down on the rooftop as a few of the taller skyscraper's lights flickered. \
The lead guard was the first to strike, bringing his CFI-2 down on Gradient, which she brought her own blade up to block. The blades slammed together with a *clang,* and she immediately felt the strength of the SOLARSec guard push her down. The servos and gears in her two cybernetic arms whirred as she pushed back against it, before slamming her foot into the guard's chest. He stumbled back, and in three swift slices, the man fell apart into three pieces. His blood splattered everywhere, but it was quickly washed up by the heavy rainfall. The other guards looked stunned for a moment, before directly attacking Gradient as retaliation. She kicked away one of them, and deflected the other's attempt at an attack, before being forced to duck backwards, nearly falling over, by the third's roundhouse kick. They were better trained than most, but that wouldn't stop the CFI-3 blade from cutting through them. Stumbling backwards and springboarding herself off of the ledge of the rooftop, Gradient slammed into one of the guards, driving her blade through his stomach. She ripped the blade upwards, through his chest, his neck, and then his head. He fell to the ground and his innards splattered across the roof. Gradient whirled around and blocked the second last guard's next attack, bringing his baton down at her back. Her blade clanged against the baton as she stopped the attack, and kicked him over the edge of the building. His scream was cut short. The last guard cowered in fear. "Don't-" They pleaded, the voice manipulator making their tone sound insincere. Even if they were sincere, they worked for SOLARSec, and had agreed to all of this. Gradient stared down at them, and twirled her blade around before sheathing it. For a brief moment, the last guard's stature looked relieved. But it was only a brief moment, for in a flash, a long, sharp metal blade shot out from Gradient's metal wrist, underneath her palm, with a sleek *shik* noise. Before the guard even realized what was going to happen, the blade had gone straight through their helmet and into their head. Pulling it back, the blade retracted with the same *shik* noise. Gradient turned on her radio, "It's SOLARSec." She said, to anyone who may have been listening. "It looks like they figured out what we were doing. There was a leak." \
*"I figured!"* Kellien said, panting. He was running. *"There's no way anyone could've learned of this unless one of us leaked it. And it wasn't you or I, it seems."* He slowed down, catching his breath. *"But you need to run. There's...there's so many of them. I didn't know they had this many personnel."*

There was no way she was going to outrun SOLARSec or SOLARdawn on foot. She needed to get to the degrading metro of Amadnésam, and luckily for her, she knew there was a track nearby from their surveys of the area. As she heard more footsteps, Gradient leaped off the edge of the building, pulled her grapple gun off of her toolbelt, and shot it towards the adjacent building where they had just attempted a hit. The grapple hooked onto the very top of the building and it reeled Gradient up with as much torque as it could muster, and as soon as she reached the top, she cut the cable and broke into a sprint. A few leaps over the next few buildings, and she would reach one of the only exposed metro tracks in the area. One building, then the next, each jump letting her briefly see the neon signs plastered on the thin streets below, each sign encroaching on another's space, fighting for superiority. This part of the city was much, much smaller than the giant skyscrapers looming in the background. With each long jump she took, her cloak billowed into the air, flapping. Slamming her feet against the concrete rooftop of the last building next to the metro, Gradient turned her radio on again. "Can anyone hear me?" She yelled through the wind whipping against her face. Her hood was about to fly off. *"Yes!"* Another HEART member responded, *"And I know where you are-"* Their connection sputtered, the static crackling for a brief moment. *"There's a train about to surface right below where you are. You're right on time!"* Gradient quickly hopped up onto the ledge of the rooftop, staring down at the rectangular opening into the Amadnésam metro system. It was embedded between buildings, something you would only see if you lived in the surrounding buildings. But here, right now, it was her best way out. She heard the yelling of SOLARSec behind her getting louder just as the rattling tracks began to echo off of the walls below. The train was about to pass, and she estimated she had about three seconds of time to jump, and as soon as she jumped...she'd have to duck. The lights of the train filled the opening before it appeared, and with a rush, the train cars began to fly by, the tracks rattling louder and louder. Gradient looked behind herself, and stepped off of the ledge. \
She hit the roof of the train car, and immediately broke into a roll, barely sliding under the tunnel entrance, with her stomach pressed against the roof of the metro train car. *"They're going to start skimming the whole city to look for us."* Kellien said over the radio as Gradient slowly pulled herself across the roof, towards an entrance. *"...And, probably with you, they'll be at every metro station they can find."* Unfortunately, he was right. And Carbine had specifically told them to *not* be seen, if they had to do this mission. That had all gone out the window. But there was nothing Carbine could've done about it...someone had leaked the plans directly to SOLARdawn. *"We have to leave."* Kellien continued. "No." Gradient spat. "No, we *can't.* They're doing something out there, and I need to find out what." If PALMER-EDEN had managed to wriggle its way off of Earth, then they were trying to do something extraordinary. Something horrible, probably. She suspected. Nobody, except for HEART, knew that SOLARdawn was a PALMER-EDEN derivative. Not even Carbine. Not Hammerhead. As she pulled herself down between the train cars, Gradient couldn't help but theorize about what SOLARdawn might have been doing behind their closed doors, with their newfound Lúniksian technology and funding. Everybody believed they were a role model for medical practices and developments...but beneath the surface, something *had* to be going on. They had managed to hide their appearance so well that Gradient had only found out their existence because of some old files hidden in a PALMER-EDEN factory. The occasion briefly flashed through her head as she pulled open a window on the train car and climbed in. 

Pulling it shut, Gradient looked around. The train car was dim, and nobody was inside. It was mostly metallic, and the lights that were on were glowing a soft gold and orange. Turning her radio on again, she spoke into it. "We need to get in there." Gradient said, talking about the SOLARdawn building. It was one of the larger skyscrapers, with the SOLARdawn logo plastered on its side vertically. "Those files I saw..." She began to explain to anyone who was listening. "They said something." Gradient felt her mouth turn into a heavy frown. "They said something about a project, codenamed VIOLET. It had me-" She paused, shaking her head, "-it had the Girl as its primary test subject." The Girl was her previous life. Cisila Jane Siveta. But that life was long gone. She hated even saying the name. It *wasn't* her. "But there is no Girl. Not anymore, at least." The memories of the files flashed through her head. Cryptic explanations of gene coding, and of skin composition. Eye colour. Every detail about the Girl, meticulously written out. Her jaw, her cheekbones...her eyes, her arms. Her fingers. It had to have meant something, instead of being archival purposes. It was *in* a folder titled project VIOLET. *"I understand why you want to get in."* Kellien replied, *"But right now, we've got no chance. Nothing."* She understood that, but she refused to let Martin Palmer stretch his feelers out beyond Illinois. Beyond Earth. He was long dead, yet somehow he seemed to remain alive out of pure vengeance. "But there's got to be *some* way in." Gradient insisted. "They shouldn't be allowed to operate. If someone knew..." \
*"There's no concrete evidence linking them to Palmer. I'm sorry, Gradient, but we would just get laughed out of the room if we tried to imply SOLARdawn was an ancient Earth company that completely shut off most of America to modern companies."* Kellien calmly explained. He seemed to be out of danger's way. *"Just lay it off for now-"* Kellien continued, *"We need to regroup. What's your Sector?"* Gradient quickly checked the watch on her left wrist. Its readout displayed *GRID SECTOR 3-B, METRO*. Relaying this to Kellien, he began to formulate a path to regroup at a safehouse. "You're going to have to get off at the next stop." He began, "The street should be empty, but...I don't know how long you can avoid SOLARSec." And nearly as soon as he explained that, a few of the screens in the train car flickered to life with a warning message. It seemed to have been broadcast citywide. "...Oh, for *fuck's* sake..." Gradient hissed, her frustration rising as she glared at the screens. Her frown turned more aggressive, and her eye twitched. The warning message read: \
*WARNING - DANGEROUS HOSTILES - STAY INDOORS - IF SPOTTED, CONTACT SOLARSEC - AVOID AT ALL COSTS* \
*KNOWN ASSAILANT DRESSED IN A RAINCLOAK, ALL BLACK, HINTS OF PURPLE. FACE OBSCURED - REPEAT, CONTACT SOLARSEC AND AVOID AT ALL COSTS.* \
They weren't quite PALMER-EDEN, who had an iron grip on an entire country, but SOLARdawn managed to push city officials to label the incident an attack. An emergency. The metro slowly slid to a stop, the wheels screeching. The polite synthesized female voice of the metro calmly explained, *"GRID Sector 3-B. Delcás Square. Thank you for using the Máneá M- Metro. Metro."* It glitched for a moment, repeating the word "metro". The doors slid open, and Gradient quickly got out of the car. Out into Delcás Square, where SOLARSec was surely awaiting her.

# 2
# SOLARSec's Iron Grip
## 21:50, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 20th, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad
#### The Heist - P.T Adamczyk - CYBERPUNK 2077
#### https://open.spotify.com/track/3aLlzgIl2B6j2CFII34tXL?si=5bd9bf4dc262438a

Sprinting up the stairs as fast as she could, Gradient kept a tight grip on the hilt of her blade. Rain was pouring down the Delcás Square metro entrance, and puddles of water were flowing down the stairs. Thin branch-like extensions from the puddles of water trickled down the steps aswell, and each step she took was accompanied by a light *tip-tap* from the water beneath her feet splashing. As she resurfaced, Gradient looked around at the Square. All the large screens that usually displayed the time, date or any ads were instead blood red, with white text running across them. The bright red light spilled out across the square, enveloping it in an unpleasant glow. The heavy rain caught the light extremely well, making the distance she could view only a couple dozen metres in front of her. She was otherwise blocked by the rain reflecting the red light from the signs. "They're really pulling out all of the stops..." She said, trying to find a street to run down. *"Yeah. This entire Block of the Grid is going haywire. Even other companies are beginning to issue warnings. SOLARSec is serious."* Kellien said. Gradient pulled her pistol out of its holster and lifted it towards the signs. The best thing she could do right now was shoot them to turn the light off. Then, she would pull out her night-vision goggles. SOLARSec couldn't have been equipped with NVGs, as their helmets negated that kind of thing with their HUD elements and other proprietary tech. With the lights out, she'd have the drop on anyone who came into the square. Pulling the trigger on her pistol once, then twice, then thrice, all the signs in the Square fizzled out. The shining red curtain of light and rain disappeared. Gradient could now see a little further...and she immediately pulled her night-vision setup off of her toolbelt and clicked it together, pulling it over her eyes. It was clunky looking, like models from the old U.S military, but that meant HEART and Hammerhead could fit more tech into them. They were more powerful than even the newest night-vision gear, with much clearer vision. As she clicked the goggles on, they emitted a high-pitch whirr, and her vision went green. *"They're shutting down metro systems."* Another HEART member said. *"Which means the Buzzsaws are going to surface when they realize their turf has been shut down."* The Buzzsaws were an Amadnésam gang who used the metro system as their home. If the trains shut down, and the stations closed, they wouldn't have any victims. They would surface to see what was happening. "That's not *fucking* good." Gradient hissed as she holstered her pistol and began to rush across the Square, towards a wide street. She began to notice that all the signs were off...even lights. "Weren't we supposed to avoid this?!" She asked. *"We were."* Kellien said. *"But, again...someone leaked the plan. And if we don't fix this ASAP, we're going to get our asses kicked. First SOLARSec shuts this Block of the Grid, and now the Buzzsaws decide to see what's going on. We'll be lucky if they don't see any HEART operators."* He sighed over the radio, his mic blowing it out and hurting Gradient's ear. \
*"Right now our priority is to run. You're at Delcás Square, right, Gradient?"* Kellien asked. "I am..." Gradient wheezed, breaking into a run. "Heading towards another street. Might be Delcás Main Street." She observed her surroundings carefully. *"Okay."* Kellien mumbled. *"Elias is near your position. Elias-"* Kellien called out, *"Can you try and meet up with Gradient? You're in a similar area."* Elias didn't respond for a moment, before his own blown-out mic nearly shattered Gradient's eardrum. *"No-"* Elias said through his radio, which seemed to be having trouble picking up his voice, *"Got SOLARSec-"* the static took over the radio for a moment, *"-y tail. They're shooting-"* Kellien groaned, and instead, suggested something else. *"Gradient. Go help him. They've got guns."* Kellien muttered. "On it." Gradient said, checking her watch. It had changed from the time it usually displayed, to a compass pointing her towards Elias' location. 

He was on the rooftops. Gradient just had to get up onto the rooftops and she was sure she'd see SOLARSec firing on him. She didn't have time to ask how SOLARSec got their hands on firearms. But before she was able to climb up a building, she heard yelling from behind her. "Oh, shit..." She hissed, looking behind her. Through the heavy sheets of rain, she saw a squad of SOLARSec rushing towards her. *"There they are!"* One of them yelled, and she saw them pull out electric law enforcement batons. So this squad wasn't armed either...
"Kellien, there's more of them. They caught me. I don't know ho-" Suddenly, the entirety of Delcás Main Street flared to life, blinding her through the night-vision goggles. "What...the *fuck*...?!" She gasped, ripping the goggles off of her face and pulling them apart, swiftly putting them back on her toolbelt. Gradient had done it so many times before that it had become second nature. As she looked around, she saw that every sign and light on the street had turned on at the *same time.* Blinking to regain her stability, she turned towards the SOLARSec guards rushing at her. Their raincloaks were billowing behind them as they ran at her, and the electric batons fizzled lightly. "Put your hands into the air!" One of them screamed at her, "Or we *will* use force!" Groaning, Gradient begrudgingly unsheathed her CFI-3 blade again. "Control, they've got a sword..." One of the guards muttered into their radio. "...Yeah. Yeah, it might be her." \
There was a pause. The three guards just stared at Gradient for a moment as she stared back, unsure of what that exchange just was. Slowly, the guards exited their fighting stances. Gradient watched, her brow furrowing. Her eye flicked between the leftmost one and the rightmost one. "Yeah..." The middle guard said, pulling something off of his combat vest. It looked like a hockey puck, but much thicker. "Stand down for a moment." The middle guard firmly said, placing the puck down on the ground. Gradient took a step back, and lowered her blade. However, she didn't sheathe it. The middle guard perked up for a moment, listening to a voice on the radio. "Yeah. Yes, sir...it's about to play." She had to go and get Elias right *now.* What the hell was SOLARSec doing? But just as she thought about leaping up onto the buildings, the hockey puck beamed up a playback in an odd, experimental holographic form. It didn't look quite correct, but it was still technically a hologram. The face display in the blue-green image of the hologram was her own. "I don't...fucking get it..." One of the guards muttered, mildly annoyed, when the other shushed them. The middle guard spoke out, hidden by the hologram. "There's someone who wants you to see this, uh..." he paused. "Cisila." Gradient flinched. Immediately, she sheathed her blade, and instead pulled out her pistol. "That's not my name." She hissed through the hologram. The middle guard flinched and took a step back as the playback started. Gradient froze. *"Log...two hundred and seventeen."* A male voice said, sounded deathly tired. *"The subject...perished again. It survived about five weeks. That was five hundred percent longer than the first subject, who died immediately upon birth."* The man sighed. *"It's been several years since Project Gradient, and we've been trying to replicate the Subject's genome structure. With the frozen Cisila Jane Siveta, it was easy. The difficult part was making a new...well, a new her."* There was a pause as the hologram shifted, showing the frozen Gradient. *"Despite how easy it was to recreate and produce the genome structure of the subject, clones have not been willing to...exist, frankly."* Gradient stared into the hologram, confused. Why did SOLARdawn want her to see this? What the *hell* did they gain from her seeing it? *"But...five weeks is a lot of time. A vast improvement."* The man said, rustled his papers, *"And after that...well, Martin did say that we would be moving. Our project belongs in modern times, away from the dying Illinois. I always told him it would be better to leave, to live under the cover of another life. And on Lúniks, we're going to do exactly that."* He sounded proud. *"Oh, and..."* The man added, rustling more papers, *"Martin told me to add a message to this one. That he knows Project Gradient will escape. She will not have her memories as Cisila, and most importantly...that she is pointless. With the advent of Project VIOLET, Cisila Jane Siveta can exist as many times over as she has to. Even with Martin's possible death, PALMER-EDEN lives on. And here's something he wrote, directed at Project Gradient...who I hope, sometime, is listening to this. He wrote:"*

Uh oh. Here it came. 

*"I know you will be the death of me. You are the original, and I have given you many, many tools to defeat me. But it doesn't matter. It took me years to decide what I was going to do with you, and as our solitary test subject, you went against the brunt of every test. Our cybernetics. Our nanobots. Our experimental weapons. I wiped your memory so you would be a pawn, but I suspect that you'll learn what happened. I suspect you won't be happy. But what I can't say is why you won't be happy. Is it because you no longer have your life? Your friends? Or is it because you thought you were someone else?"* Gradient stared, despondent. Her face was emotionless. The man continued to hurl through the note from Martin. *"Were you so desperate to turn yourself into someone else that you forgot how long we've had you? Thirty years. You will only become active in the 2070s. That will be nearly forty years of cryo sleep. We've taken every sample we could. We've tested your fertility. Everything. You've probably been the most useful human test subject in the history of humanity. So, so much was gained from you. Yet you're going to kill me, simply because of what I wanted you to do. What I had already done to you, aswell, though you may not consider that 'you.'"* The man took a short breath, and muttered, *"Jeez..."* before continuing. *"Here's what I want to tell you directly, Gradient. No matter how hard you try, and no matter how long you live for...PALMER-EDEN will outlive you. PALMER-EDEN will grow so large, that past my death, it will be the dominating force of these two worlds, and whatever lies beyond. By the time you see this, I'm likely dead. And that means Project SOLARdawn is on Lúniks. That means you are on Lúniks. It means, despite my death, everything has gone according to plan."* The grip on her pistol was hurting her metal hand. *"Whatever you did couldn't stop SOLARdawn. It is the next generation of PALMER-EDEN, and will have control over everything."* The man paused, sighing, before continuing on. *"And as a final note to you, Gradient, PALMER-EDEN will not need you by the time I am dead. As of today, Project VIOLET receives official funding. And you might be asking, 'Martin, what the hell is VIOLET?'."* Did SOLARdawn just *want* her to know what she was looking for? What was the meaning of this? *Why?* \
*"Project VIOLET, as you may have suspected from Mr. Lotez's logs-"* The man paused, adding, *"That's me."* before continuing. *"Is a project to clone you. To create a new Cisila Jane Siveta, with her personality, her body type...her hair. Her fondness for the colour purple. Everything."* The project she had been trying to track down...was a project built on her body's own legs. A project to remake the Girl. To clone her. And then...suddenly, she snapped out of her disbelief. "NO!" She screamed, flinging her pistol up and wildly shooting through the hologram, which had now switched to a tattered picture of Cisila. The bullets flew through the hologram and instead embedded themselves into the SOLARSec guards. *"Gradient!"* Kellien suddenly sputtered, panicked. *"Gradient, what's going on? You haven't moved!"* He asked. "SOLARSec just- just *stopped* me, and..." Gradient responded, feeling her heartrate rising. She snatched up the hockey puck device, turned it off, and looked down the street. "They *showed* me something..." She whispered. *"Gradient, Elias isn't responding!"* Kellien raised his voice, *"Gradient, you need to find him NOW!"* he demanded. "Shit, *shit*-" Gradient sputtered, holstering her pistol. "I'm sorry, I couldn't-" She began to climb up the side of the nearest building as fast as she could. *"It's going to be your fault if he's been killed!"* Gradient shook her head, "They *stopped* me." she tried to explain. *"That's no excuse. GO!"* He insisted. "Fine-" She grumbled through gritted teeth, pulling herself up onto the building. 

Sprinting across the rooftops, following the compass on her watch, Gradient spotted gunfire. Muzzle flashes through the curtains of rain. "They're still shooting." She reported, leaping across a gap and unsheathing her blade. Hidden by the heavy rain, she sprinted towards the closest SOLARSec guard she could find. From what she could tell, there were only three or four of them. Dropping into a slide, she sent water droplets flying in her wake as she slid towards the SOLARSec guard, who was holding down the trigger of his rifle. Leaping back up, Gradient thrusted her blade towards his back. It punctured the raincloak, before going straight through his back with a sleek *shik* noise. Steadying herself, she drove it deeper. The guard had no time to react, and in shock, he dropped his rifle. It clattered to the ground. "What-" They sputtered, before Gradient held tightly onto the hilt with both of her hands and pulled it upwards. The guard split in two from his stomach upwards. Blood spattered everywhere. Gradient leaped over the body as soon as it fell to the floor and climbed over a ventilation unit, sprinting straight towards the second guard. Their gunfire was centered on another ventilation unit, where Gradient assumed Elias was. But before she could get close enough to the second guard to cut him down, he screamed "THERE SHE IS!" and in an instant, he turned his gunfire towards her. A bullet flew past her head and nearly scraped the hood of her raincloak. Desperately, Gradient flung her sword up and blocked the second shot that was heading straight towards her. And then...everything began to slow down. Her only eye glazed over, a pixelated film overtaking it. The environment around her darkened, and began to turn blue, with hints of purple. It was now like she was moving in slow motion, her movements sustained as if she was trying to run through thick, heavy mud. The rain around her slowed to a crawl. But Gradient could see the guard pulling the trigger on the rifle. She could see the bullets flying towards her, their trajectories easy to see. Bringing her blade up, she began to deflect every bullet that came close to her, one by one. Each *clang* as the bullet hit the sharp blade was drawn out in the Vision, warped. While Gradient may have been slowed to a crawl, her footwork and her instincts still guided her closer to the guard, while deflecting each and every bullet. Some split in two, coming into contact with the sharp part of the blade. Whatever the guard was seeing, it must have scared him. He recoiled, but kept holding down the trigger of the rifle before it suddenly made a *click,* which in the Vision, was also drawn out. His head shifted down to the rifle and he dumped the mag. *Now* was the time to strike. With a whirr, the Vision deactivated and everything sped back up in an instant. \
Gradient slid across the wet rooftop, her boots skidding through water, and she cleaved straight through the guard, slicing his top half off of his bottom half. She had also cut straight through the rifle. The last guard had spotted her and turned their attention towards her aswell, but recoiled as they saw their comrade suddenly split in two. "What the-!?" They sputtered, raising their rifle. Gradient dropped her free hand towards her pistol and whipped it out of its holster, and pulled the trigger. The slide snapped back, and with a *bang,* the final guard toppled. She rushed over to where Elias was, and found him hiding behind the ventilation unit, clutching a bloody wound in his chest. "Jesus..." He hissed, looking up at her. "You're still ferocious." Gradient holstered her pistol and twirled her blade around before sheathing it. "Can we just go, please?" She asked. "You're injured. If we don't go, more will catch up." Elias nodded, and got up. "Might've got hit in the lung. Can't go far." He muttered. Gradient turned her radio on, "Kellien. I've got Elias. He's injured." She explained. *"Fuck...if only you showed up sooner."* Kellien replied. "That wasn't the damn problem." Elias said, "This happened before I even needed help. Quit badgering the girl." He hissed. "Kellien. Where's the safehouse?" Gradient asked. *"It shouldn't be far. Your compass is about to recalibrate to show the way. Get there, ASAP."* Kellien responded. *"Almost everybody's in."*

Gradient nodded at Elias, who sighed. "Yeah...ain't too far." He mumbled. "Let's go." And the two began to jog across the rooftops. Gradient was carefully watching him, to make sure the injury wasn't too bad. "What *did* keep you held up, by the way?" He wheezed. "I almost got attacked by a SOLARSec detachment, but they stopped once they realised I was...me, I guess." She tried to explain. "They showed me something off of a holodisk." Pulling the holodisk out of a pouch, she held it up. Elias nodded, "Better take a look at that later." And they continued to run towards the safehouse, and Gradient now had clear directions towards it. Climbing down onto an empty puddle filled street, the two ducked into an alleyway and quickly found a door hidden in the darkness of the dilapidated alleyway, which ended in a dead end, the other streets blocked by an apartment building. "The rain ain't givin' up, huh..." Elias muttered, looking upwards. "Nope..." Gradient muttered, pulling out an identification fob and pointing it at a heavy metal door which looked like it *really* didn't belong. The fob beeped, its orange light blinking. The metal door *thunked* heavily, and began to move out of the way. Grinding against the ground, it slowly shifted to reveal a passage. A set of stairs down below a building. "You go first. The Medica will fix you up." Gradient muttered, and Elias obliged, heading down first. Gradient carefully looked around to make sure nobody had been watching. The damp and dark alleyway was empty, as was the street to her left. She sighed, and headed down afterwards, letting the heavy door shut behind her. 

# 3
# The Emergency Response Squad
## 22:43, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 20th, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

Heading down the steps, Gradient pulled her hood down. Water droplets ran down the raincloak and fell onto the stairs as she walked down. Dim blue and red lights lined the top of the staircase, leading down to the entrance of the only HEART safehouse in the Sector. As she got to the bottom of the stairs, Gradient began to hear the chatter of other HEART operatives, who were standing around the entrance area and chatting about what had just happened. A couple glanced at her and quickly looked away, returning to their conversations. The chatter died down as she passed through. The entrance area was mostly concrete, with thick pillars holding the ceiling up. Above them was a diner, owned by a man from Japan. From Earth. He was the main reason this HEART bunker even existed. The man was a HEART operative, and despite his age, he still had plenty of uses to HEART. When he secured this area, they awarded him with retirement...the only catch being that he would live above the bunker, and help in times of need. He accepted. Gradient had never met the man, but was curious. As she made her way through the entrance and into the main room, she looked around, being reminded of the man's Japanese origins. The lights lining the ceilings and the orbular paper lamps reminded her of the recordings and images she had seen of Japan. It was like the dark red-light districts in Japan...one in particular. The name eluded her. Continuing to make her way through the HEART bunker, Gradient headed towards a room she knew Kellien would be waiting in: the conference room. She took a left down the hallway from the entrance area and pushed open a set of heavy wooden doors into a room with a concrete circular table in the middle, with screens attached to the walls. Each one displayed a standby screen, with the HEART logo spinning in place on a magenta background. Kellien was standing at the table, leaning on it, his hands splayed on the table to maintain his balance while leaning. On the other side was an older man, and Gradient had to do a double take when she saw him. It was the Japanese man. His hair was short, greying, and he had a thick beard. His eyes reflected the many magenta screens, and in the light, Gradient could see his many wrinkles. He was dressed in a simple way, with a thick plastic rain coat on and heavy pants and boots on. "...Yes, I understand that..." The man rattled off, pinching his nose. "But you *can't* just come barging in here. What if someone followed you?" He sputtered. "Nobody followed us." Kellien insisted. "I'm trying to get you to understand that..." He grumbled, scrunching his eyes shut. He had taken his gear off for the time being, and he looked tired. Underneath all of the gear, he was still the average-looking rough man that Gradient knew. Unlike most of the time, however, he had shaved his stubble. "Two *dozen* people in your squad..." The Japanese man muttered, before spotting Gradient. "Oh. A visitor." \
Gradient stopped. "Uh- sorry." She mumbled. "No worries." The man replied. "Your squad leader's in a tizzy." He added, flicking a finger at Kellien. "That's- that's *not...*" Kellien groaned, and stepped back from the table, rubbing his forehead. "Nevermind..." He grumbled. "And who might you be?" The man asked carefully, leaning against the large table.

# 4
# Break In
## 19:54, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 21st, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

*After taking out the mole in HEART, Gradient found he had a keycard with access to SOLARdawn's main tower. Taking the opportunity, HEART sets up an infiltration with Gradient as the leader. From the outside in, it's extremely quiet. The lights are off. As she gets in through a side entrance, Gradient looks around as much as she can. Her footsteps echo off the walls, the only noise in the tower. She wanders until she finds research notes. Immediately, she discovers the existence of an alive clone from the notes. And attached is the clone's location in the tower. The fifth floor. As fast as she can, she heads up. Usually, she wouldn't be worried about this kind of thing, but the remnants of PALMER-EDEN are trying to ruin another life. And that is cause enough for her.*

*But when the door to the clone's room slides open, she sees a child sitting on a bed.*

# 5
# Little One
## 20:14, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 21st, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

The girl stared at her with wide eyes. Gradient stood in the doorway, her silhouette tall and menacing. The girl probably couldn't see her face because of the hood. The girl's room was...mostly empty. It was white and grey, as drab as Gradient's own room in the PALMER-EDEN tower. There was just a bed, a nightstand, and a closet. The curtains to the window were shut, and Gradient could hear the still overwhelming downpour of rain battering against the window. "...Who?" The little girl whispered, her voice barely registering with Gradient. The girl was dressed in primarily white and grey aswell, but her hair was brown. The exact same shade as Gradient's. Her eyes were wine coloured, and a plume of the girl's hair was already starting to cover her right eye. "Who...?" The girl repeated, a little more louder. It sounded as if she barely used her voice to talk. Gradient hesitated for a moment, before lifting her hands up to her hood and pulling it down. Taking a step into the room as quietly as she could, Gradient watched the girl recoil slightly. Her eyes were filled with fear. What did she think Gradient was going to do? What made her scared? Had SOLARdawn already messed with her? How could Gradient calm her down? There was nothing in the room to help her...no toys. No books. Gradient had never had to deal with a child before, much less...a child version of herself. Without anything physical to use, Gradient only had her voice. The only way to get through to the girl would to be kind. And that was the first thing she tried. "Don't be scared..." Gradient said carefully, "I'm not here to do anything to you." The girl fidgeted with her hands, watching Gradient with her wide eyes. "No...?" She whispered. "No." Gradient repeated back, shaking her head. She took a step closer. The girl still flinched. Gradient inhaled deeply, and exhaled slowly. "Can you see my face?" She asked. The girl shook her head. Gradient looked around the room, her brow furrowed. "Where's the light switch?" She quietly asked. The girl pointed to a spot next to the door. Gradient reached over and felt the bump of a light switch in the wall. "There it is..." She muttered, and she flicked it on. Immediately, the solitary light in the room flickered to life. The girl stared up at the light, and then back at Gradient. She could now see Gradient's face. "Oh..." The girl whispered. Gradient slid the door to the girl's room shut and slowly walked up to her. "Is that better?" Gradient asked, watching the girl. The girl nodded. "Yes..." She mumbled. Slowly, Gradient crouched at the girl's bed. "Do you live here?" She asked. The girl bit her lip and looked around. "Yes..." She responded quietly. Gradient looked down, frowning. *She lives here...* \
"What's your name?" Gradient then asked. The girl looked around the room, fidgeting with her fingers. "Cisi...la." She mumbled. Gradient felt a pang of horror shoot up her spine. *Of course they fucking named her Cisila...* Her mind's voice hissed. "...Do you know *why* you're here?" Gradient continued to ask questions. She had to see what the little girl knew- even if it wasn't much, every detail counted. And if, somehow, she could get the girl out...she would be ammunition against SOLARdawn. The little Cisila stuttered. "Umm- um-" She mumbled. "Don't know..." Cisila whispered. "I've always...been...h- here." She seemed to struggle to put words together. "Do you...*like* being here?" Gradient said, tilting her head. "No..." Cisila muttered. "No." She seemed a bit more sure of herself. "I- I- *hate.*" She hissed. "Strange people...always staring at me...like a zoo..." She tried to explain. "They stare at you? Do they do anything else?" Gradient asked, frowning again. "They ask questions...ask if I'm eating properly...ask if- if-" She stuttered. "If I can read yet..." Gradient's brow furrowed harder, and she felt worried. "You- can't read?" She asked. "No...and the- the man says I should be able to...he gets mad." Cisila whispered. Gradient shut her eyes, and sighed, pinching her nose. "Are- are you...OK?" Cisila asked quietly. "Yes..." Gradient replied, lowering her hand and looking back at Cisila. "They're bad people. Every single one in this building, C...Cisila." Gradient's lip twitched. "They're doing bad things to you. Experiments." She couldn't explain to a child that they were a clone. That would break them. And it didn't seem like SOLARdawn had bothered, either. "Experiments...?!" Cisila whispered, terrified. Gradient raised a hand towards Cisila's face, before quietly asking, "Is it alright if I touch you? Is that okay?" Cisila stared at her for a moment, her eyes flicking between Gradient's face and her cybernetic arm. "Okay." Cisila responded quietly. Gradient reached forward and lifted the plume of hair covering Cisila's right eye. To her dismay, there was a barcode tattooed underneath Cisila's right eye, and a strange set of what looked like circular ports for cables lodged into her temple, close to her eyebrow. The look on Gradient's face as she stared at the ports and the tattoo made Cisila flinch. "Did- did I do something wrong?!" Cisila whispered, terrified. "No-" Gradient sputtered, pulling her hand back, "It's...it's okay." She sighed. "You can't see it, but there's something they've done to you hidden under all that hair of yours." Gradient explained. "Oh..." Cisila mumbled, linking her hands together. "Your hand is cold and shiny- like- like metal." She whispered. "It *is* metal." Gradient replied, holding her hand up. "My whole arm is."
