# 1
# Warning: Severe Rainfall
## 21:25, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 20th, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

It was perhaps the worst storm that the city Amadnésam had ever suffered through. Thick droplets of water pounded the windows of every building, and in every ditch and crevice, large puddles of water were forming, constantly rippling from the relentless rain coming down from above. The skyscrapers, towers, and all the smaller buildings in Amadnésam were drenched in water. But on the rooftop of a particular building, sat a figure with a large, bulky sniper rifle on a tripod, aimed towards an apartment building on the adjacent block. Its scope was zeroed in on the only window that had light. The figure themselves wore a large, rustling cloak, which billowed in the heavy winds. The cloak only reached down to her waist, covering her from her head to her wrists. Water ran through its many folds. The texture of the cloak made it look shiny, and smooth. Underneath the hood, only a single eye peered out. The other was gone, replaced by a metal apparatus, with no visible lense or way to see, but nonetheless, it stared down the scope of the rifle. Underneath their cloak, they were wearing premier military gear, designed and tailored specifically to them, in all black with hints of a drab purple. The cloak too had purple accenting, but was barely visible in the dark. Below the buildings, the street lights were dim. Nobody was outside. Nobody except for the Gradient. As she stared down the scope of the sniper rifle, she waited, and waited, until suddenly...the radio strapped to her combat vest buzzed. Her real eye flicked down to it and she carefully turned it on. For a very brief moment, static filled her ears as the radio connected to the earpieces she had on. Her radio was connected to a news station at the moment, and she heard a news anchor rattle off about the ongoing weather. *"...weather continues to be bad, specifically in the area around Amadnésam. The rain is projected to continue for another day and a half, so if you need to go out tomorrow, safety is extremely advised. The metro system is the safest way of transportation. However, in recent days, the metro..."* Gradient sighed, and flicked the radio back towards its military configuration. "Wind speeds are going at about 56 kilometres an hour." She reported. The apparatus in her right eye had been measuring wind speeds, rainfall, and everything around for about the past hour as she had sat silently. "It's going to mess up any projectile trajectory if I don't make any adjustments." She waited patiently for a response. After a brief moment, the radio crackled to life. *"Yeah."* Said the voice of Lieutenant Kellien. *"Yeah, it's pretty-"* The radio crackled as he spoke, the connection breaking. *"-d. So bad I think it's contributing to our comm problems. Shit..."* He hissed, sighing. *"Keep an eye on our target. SOLARdawn's not going to let us get close to this person again, so if you miss your shot, it's over. Do you remember how to use the rifle, Gradient?"* Kellien pressed, needing to make sure she absolutely knew what she was doing. "I do." Gradient said, pulling the bolt back. There were no real bullets in this rifle. It worked off of technology she wasn't familiar with. "Just like a normal rifle. It just...needs to cool down, right?" She asked. *"Yeah."* Kellien responded, having to raise his voice against the wind and the rain. *"We're keeping an eye on every other entrance to the building. Nobody's come in or out yet. He's still inside."* He added. \
"Got it." Gradient said, keeping the large rifle trained on the window. Inside this specific room was an office, belonging to a SOLARdawn employee. SOLARdawn, on the surface, appeared to be like any company on Lúniks. Proud, modern, and always innovating. But HEART and Gradient had discovered that they weren't all what they seemed. Somehow, over the years, PALMER-EDEN had found its way to Lúniks, in an altered, mutated form. SOLARdawn. 

The employee they were going after had something they needed, and they could only get it by killing him. There was no way for them to leave him alive without creating a possible leak in their plans. If the man said anything, it would likely be over. They needed the man's BioCard, to access the SOLARdawn facility in Amadnésam. Under the cover of the rain and night, HEART was going to kill him. And just as her mind turned to SOLARdawn again, Gradient spotted something through the scope. It was the man entering his office. "Shit-" She spat. "He's in." Tightly holding onto the rifle, she pulled the bolt back fully and slammed it forward. The rifle whirred and she felt the entire thing warm up briefly. A couple heat vents warmed to the point that they began to glow. *"Positions, everybody."* Kellien commanded. *"She's about to take the shot. If we don't get in there ASAP, somebody'll find him."* \
Gradient settled her finger on the trigger as she aimed the rifle along the path the man was taking to his chair. It would be easier once he sat down. Gradient felt as if time had slowed to an agonizing crawl, each step the man took felt as it ran in slow motion. The rain continued to fall harder and harder. But eventually, the man made it to his chair at his desk, and sat down. He leaned back, and seemed to sigh. "Ready." Gradient said, beginning to put pressure on the trigger. The rifle whirred harder, whatever energy was inside began to build up. *"Copy that."* Kellien replied, the wind howling and crackling his mic. *"Fire when ready, Gradient."* And she was. But just before she fully pulled the trigger, the man sat up, seemed to look directly at her, and the blinds to the window autonomously closed. "What the-..." Gradient mouthed silently, sudden panic overcoming her. In a split second, her shot had disappeared. The man had looked right at her, somehow. And then the blinds had shut. But she could still shoot through the blinds. *"Gradient?"* Kellien asked over the radio, *"Gradient, there was no shot. Is everything fine?"* He pressed. She ignored him, and instead pulled the trigger. The rifle's whirring turned into a high-pitched screech as the projectile blasted out of the barrel and towards the blinds. But just before the projectile hit, a second set of blinds, on the exterior of the building, slid shut with a deep *clang* that she could hear through the heavy rain. The bolt of energy hit the metal and dissipated. Gradient had missed her chance. \
But then, somehow, it got ten times worse. "He spotted me. Blinds are closed. Run." She hissed, as quickly as she could. *"What?"* Kellien gasped, before Gradient could hear footsteps from his end of the radio. *"Oh, shit."* he said, despondent. *"Everybody- run. Run!"* Just as fast as Kellien had been found, Gradient too heard footsteps. She immediately let go of her rifle, stood up, and whipped around. The cloak she was wearing flared out as she spun around, droplets of rain flinging out around her. Heavy boots thumped their way up the stairs, and Gradient lowered her cybernetic hand towards the CFI-3 blade fastened to her toolbelt, in its sheathe. Her cold, metal hand rested on the hilt, under the cloak. The rooftop access door that she had come through several hours earlier slammed open and SOLARSec (a SOLARdawn subsidiary) guards rushed out. They were dressed in large tarp-like cloaks to protect against the rain, and most of their gear was hidden underneath them. The SOLARSec logo was plastered over their cloaks, proudly displaying the blazing gold, silver and white logo. Their gear was primarily white aswell, and their shining helmets reflected the lights from above and around the rooftop. Gradient fastened her grip on the hilt, tilting the whole blade forward in its sheathe. She slid her hand down to the sheathe and gripped that instead, allowing her right hand to pull the blade free when needed. *"You're under arrest for breaching SOLARdawn Service Terms, Act four, Article Three-B."* The lead SOLARSec guard rattled off, the helmet's voice manipulator masking their voice with a thick, static-filled drone.

Gradient used her free hand to pinch the bridge of her nose for a second. The cold metal didn't hurt, but it was something she had never gotten used to. She sighed. Instead of surrendering herself, Gradient was going to fight back. Even though not many bothered to fight back against SOLARSec. But today, she couldn't risk it. And so, Gradient swiftly held onto the CFI-3 blade's grip with her right hand, and spread her legs to gain a more balanced offensive stance. The CFI-3 blade made the air around it quiver as it slid out of its sheathe, with a quiet hum. The SOLARSec guards pulled out their own melee weapons. They weren't allowed to use firearms for safety reasons, and for that, they would be easy to take down. With a slick *shing,* the blade left its sheathe and Gradient twirled it around, taking her offensive fighting stance, with both hands holding onto the blade tightly. She held it at shoulder height and the tip of the blade was aimed towards the ground. It would function as a good block if need be. "If you're not going to comply..." The lead SOLARSec guard hissed, and pulled out his own blade. a CFI-2, a slightly less advanced model of Gradient's blade. "Then you are sentenced to death, under Máneá law." *What Máneá law?* Her mind echoed quietly before the guards suddenly rushed towards her, their cloaks billowing out. The rain pounded down on the rooftop as a few of the taller skyscraper's lights flickered. \
The lead guard was the first to strike, bringing his CFI-2 down on Gradient, which she brought her own blade up to block. The blades slammed together with a *clang,* and she immediately felt the strength of the SOLARSec guard push her down. The servos and gears in her two cybernetic arms whirred as she pushed back against it, before slamming her foot into the guard's chest. He stumbled back, and in three swift slices, the man fell apart into three pieces. His blood splattered everywhere, but it was quickly washed up by the heavy rainfall. The other guards looked stunned for a moment, before directly attacking Gradient as retaliation. She kicked away one of them, and deflected the other's attempt at an attack, before being forced to duck backwards, nearly falling over, by the third's roundhouse kick. They were better trained than most, but that wouldn't stop the CFI-3 blade from cutting through them. Stumbling backwards and springboarding herself off of the ledge of the rooftop, Gradient slammed into one of the guards, driving her blade through his stomach. She ripped the blade upwards, through his chest, his neck, and then his head. He fell to the ground and his innards splattered across the roof. Gradient whirled around and blocked the second last guard's next attack, bringing his baton down at her back. Her blade clanged against the baton as she stopped the attack, and kicked him over the edge of the building. His scream was cut short. The last guard cowered in fear. "Don't-" They pleaded, the voice manipulator making their tone sound insincere. Even if they were sincere, they worked for SOLARSec, and had agreed to all of this. Gradient stared down at them, and twirled her blade around before sheathing it. For a brief moment, the last guard's stature looked relieved. But it was only a brief moment, for in a flash, a long, sharp metal blade shot out from Gradient's metal wrist, underneath her palm, with a sleek *shik* noise. Before the guard even realized what was going to happen, the blade had gone straight through their helmet and into their head. Pulling it back, the blade retracted with the same *shik* noise. Gradient turned on her radio, "It's SOLARSec." She said, to anyone who may have been listening. "It looks like they figured out what we were doing. There was a leak." \
*"I figured!"* Kellien said, panting. He was running. *"There's no way anyone could've learned of this unless one of us leaked it. And it wasn't you or I, it seems."* He slowed down, catching his breath. *"But you need to run. There's...there's so many of them. I didn't know they had this many personnel."*

There was no way she was going to outrun SOLARSec or SOLARdawn on foot. She needed to get to the degrading metro of Amadnésam, and luckily for her, she knew there was a track nearby from their surveys of the area. As she heard more footsteps, Gradient leaped off the edge of the building, pulled her grapple gun off of her toolbelt, and shot it towards the adjacent building where they had just attempted a hit. The grapple hooked onto the very top of the building and it reeled Gradient up with as much torque as it could muster, and as soon as she reached the top, she cut the cable and broke into a sprint. A few leaps over the next few buildings, and she would reach one of the only exposed metro tracks in the area. One building, then the next, each jump letting her briefly see the neon signs plastered on the thin streets below, each sign encroaching on another's space, fighting for superiority. This part of the city was much, much smaller than the giant skyscrapers looming in the background. With each long jump she took, her cloak billowed into the air, flapping. Slamming her feet against the concrete rooftop of the last building next to the metro, Gradient turned her radio on again. "Can anyone hear me?" She yelled through the wind whipping against her face. Her hood was about to fly off. *"Yes!"* Another HEART member responded, *"And I know where you are-"* Their connection sputtered, the static crackling for a brief moment. *"There's a train about to surface right below where you are. You're right on time!"* Gradient quickly hopped up onto the ledge of the rooftop, staring down at the rectangular opening into the Amadnésam metro system. It was embedded between buildings, something you would only see if you lived in the surrounding buildings. But here, right now, it was her best way out. She heard the yelling of SOLARSec behind her getting louder just as the rattling tracks began to echo off of the walls below. The train was about to pass, and she estimated she had about three seconds of time to jump, and as soon as she jumped...she'd have to duck. The lights of the train filled the opening before it appeared, and with a rush, the train cars began to fly by, the tracks rattling louder and louder. Gradient looked behind herself, and stepped off of the ledge. \
She hit the roof of the train car, and immediately broke into a roll, barely sliding under the tunnel entrance, with her stomach pressed against the roof of the metro train car. *"They're going to start skimming the whole city to look for us."* Kellien said over the radio as Gradient slowly pulled herself across the roof, towards an entrance. *"...And, probably with you, they'll be at every metro station they can find."* Unfortunately, he was right. And Carbine had specifically told them to *not* be seen, if they had to do this mission. That had all gone out the window. But there was nothing Carbine could've done about it...someone had leaked the plans directly to SOLARdawn. *"We have to leave."* Kellien continued. "No." Gradient spat. "No, we *can't.* They're doing something out there, and I need to find out what." If PALMER-EDEN had managed to wriggle its way off of Earth, then they were trying to do something extraordinary. Something horrible, probably. She suspected. Nobody, except for HEART, knew that SOLARdawn was a PALMER-EDEN derivative. Not even Carbine. Not Hammerhead. As she pulled herself down between the train cars, Gradient couldn't help but theorize about what SOLARdawn might have been doing behind their closed doors, with their newfound Lúniksian technology and funding. Everybody believed they were a role model for medical practices and developments...but beneath the surface, something *had* to be going on. They had managed to hide their appearance so well that Gradient had only found out their existence because of some old files hidden in a PALMER-EDEN factory. The occasion briefly flashed through her head as she pulled open a window on the train car and climbed in. 

Pulling it shut, Gradient looked around. The train car was dim, and nobody was inside. It was mostly metallic, and the lights that were on were glowing a soft gold and orange. Turning her radio on again, she spoke into it. "We need to get in there." Gradient said, talking about the SOLARdawn building. It was one of the larger skyscrapers, with the SOLARdawn logo plastered on its side vertically. "Those files I saw..." She began to explain to anyone who was listening. "They said something." Gradient felt her mouth turn into a heavy frown. "They said something about a project, codenamed VIOLET. It had me-" She paused, shaking her head, "-it had the Girl as its primary test subject." The Girl was her previous life. Cisila Jane Siveta. But that life was long gone. She hated even saying the name. It *wasn't* her. "But there is no Girl. Not anymore, at least." The memories of the files flashed through her head. Cryptic explanations of gene coding, and of skin composition. Eye colour. Every detail about the Girl, meticulously written out. Her jaw, her cheekbones...her eyes, her arms. Her fingers. It had to have meant something, instead of being archival purposes. It was *in* a folder titled project VIOLET. *"I understand why you want to get in."* Kellien replied, *"But right now, we've got no chance. Nothing."* She understood that, but she refused to let Martin Palmer stretch his feelers out beyond Illinois. Beyond Earth. He was long dead, yet somehow he seemed to remain alive out of pure vengeance. "But there's got to be *some* way in." Gradient insisted. "They shouldn't be allowed to operate. If someone knew..." \
*"There's no concrete evidence linking them to Palmer. I'm sorry, Gradient, but we would just get laughed out of the room if we tried to imply SOLARdawn was an ancient Earth company that completely shut off most of America to modern companies."* Kellien calmly explained. He seemed to be out of danger's way. *"Just lay it off for now-"* Kellien continued, *"We need to regroup. What's your Sector?"* Gradient quickly checked the watch on her left wrist. Its readout displayed *GRID SECTOR 3-B, METRO*. Relaying this to Kellien, he began to formulate a path to regroup at a safehouse. "You're going to have to get off at the next stop." He began, "The street should be empty, but...I don't know how long you can avoid SOLARSec." And nearly as soon as he explained that, a few of the screens in the train car flickered to life with a warning message. It seemed to have been broadcast citywide. "...Oh, for *fuck's* sake..." Gradient hissed, her frustration rising as she glared at the screens. Her frown turned more aggressive, and her eye twitched. The warning message read: \
*WARNING - DANGEROUS HOSTILES - STAY INDOORS - IF SPOTTED, CONTACT SOLARSEC - AVOID AT ALL COSTS* \
*KNOWN ASSAILANT DRESSED IN A RAINCLOAK, ALL BLACK, HINTS OF PURPLE. FACE OBSCURED - REPEAT, CONTACT SOLARSEC AND AVOID AT ALL COSTS.* \
They weren't quite PALMER-EDEN, who had an iron grip on an entire country, but SOLARdawn managed to push city officials to label the incident an attack. An emergency. The metro slowly slid to a stop, the wheels screeching. The polite synthesized female voice of the metro calmly explained, *"GRID Sector 3-B. Delcás Square. Thank you for using the Máneá M- Metro. Metro."* It glitched for a moment, repeating the word "metro". The doors slid open, and Gradient quickly got out of the car. Out into Delcás Square, where SOLARSec was surely awaiting her.

# 2
# SOLARSec's Iron Grip
## 21:50, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 20th, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad
#### The Heist - P.T Adamczyk - CYBERPUNK 2077
#### https://open.spotify.com/track/3aLlzgIl2B6j2CFII34tXL?si=5bd9bf4dc262438a

Sprinting up the stairs as fast as she could, Gradient kept a tight grip on the hilt of her blade. Rain was pouring down the Delcás Square metro entrance, and puddles of water were flowing down the stairs. Thin branch-like extensions from the puddles of water trickled down the steps aswell, and each step she took was accompanied by a light *tip-tap* from the water beneath her feet splashing. As she resurfaced, Gradient looked around at the Square. All the large screens that usually displayed the time, date or any ads were instead blood red, with white text running across them. The bright red light spilled out across the square, enveloping it in an unpleasant glow. The heavy rain caught the light extremely well, making the distance she could view only a couple dozen metres in front of her. She was otherwise blocked by the rain reflecting the red light from the signs. "They're really pulling out all of the stops..." She said, trying to find a street to run down. *"Yeah. This entire Block of the Grid is going haywire. Even other companies are beginning to issue warnings. SOLARSec is serious."* Kellien said. Gradient pulled her pistol out of its holster and lifted it towards the signs. The best thing she could do right now was shoot them to turn the light off. Then, she would pull out her night-vision goggles. SOLARSec couldn't have been equipped with NVGs, as their helmets negated that kind of thing with their HUD elements and other proprietary tech. With the lights out, she'd have the drop on anyone who came into the square. Pulling the trigger on her pistol once, then twice, then thrice, all the signs in the Square fizzled out. The shining red curtain of light and rain disappeared. Gradient could now see a little further...and she immediately pulled her night-vision setup off of her toolbelt and clicked it together, pulling it over her eyes. It was clunky looking, like models from the old U.S military, but that meant HEART and Hammerhead could fit more tech into them. They were more powerful than even the newest night-vision gear, with much clearer vision. As she clicked the goggles on, they emitted a high-pitch whirr, and her vision went green. *"They're shutting down metro systems."* Another HEART member said. *"Which means the Buzzsaws are going to surface when they realize their turf has been shut down."* The Buzzsaws were an Amadnésam gang who used the metro system as their home. If the trains shut down, and the stations closed, they wouldn't have any victims. They would surface to see what was happening. "That's not *fucking* good." Gradient hissed as she holstered her pistol and began to rush across the Square, towards a wide street. She began to notice that all the signs were off...even lights. "Weren't we supposed to avoid this?!" She asked. *"We were."* Kellien said. *"But, again...someone leaked the plan. And if we don't fix this ASAP, we're going to get our asses kicked. First SOLARSec shuts this Block of the Grid, and now the Buzzsaws decide to see what's going on. We'll be lucky if they don't see any HEART operators."* He sighed over the radio, his mic blowing it out and hurting Gradient's ear. \
*"Right now our priority is to run. You're at Delcás Square, right, Gradient?"* Kellien asked. "I am..." Gradient wheezed, breaking into a run. "Heading towards another street. Might be Delcás Main Street." She observed her surroundings carefully. *"Okay."* Kellien mumbled. *"Elias is near your position. Elias-"* Kellien called out, *"Can you try and meet up with Gradient? You're in a similar area."* Elias didn't respond for a moment, before his own blown-out mic nearly shattered Gradient's eardrum. *"No-"* Elias said through his radio, which seemed to be having trouble picking up his voice, *"Got SOLARSec-"* the static took over the radio for a moment, *"-y tail. They're shooting-"* Kellien groaned, and instead, suggested something else. *"Gradient. Go help him. They've got guns."* Kellien muttered. "On it." Gradient said, checking her watch. It had changed from the time it usually displayed, to a compass pointing her towards Elias' location. 

He was on the rooftops. Gradient just had to get up onto the rooftops and she was sure she'd see SOLARSec firing on him. She didn't have time to ask how SOLARSec got their hands on firearms. But before she was able to climb up a building, she heard yelling from behind her. "Oh, shit..." She hissed, looking behind her. Through the heavy sheets of rain, she saw a squad of SOLARSec rushing towards her. *"There they are!"* One of them yelled, and she saw them pull out electric law enforcement batons. So this squad wasn't armed either...
"Kellien, there's more of them. They caught me. I don't know ho-" Suddenly, the entirety of Delcás Main Street flared to life, blinding her through the night-vision goggles. "What...the *fuck*...?!" She gasped, ripping the goggles off of her face and pulling them apart, swiftly putting them back on her toolbelt. Gradient had done it so many times before that it had become second nature. As she looked around, she saw that every sign and light on the street had turned on at the *same time.* Blinking to regain her stability, she turned towards the SOLARSec guards rushing at her. Their raincloaks were billowing behind them as they ran at her, and the electric batons fizzled lightly. "Put your hands into the air!" One of them screamed at her, "Or we *will* use force!" Groaning, Gradient begrudgingly unsheathed her CFI-3 blade again. "Control, they've got a sword..." One of the guards muttered into their radio. "...Yeah. Yeah, it might be her." \
There was a pause. The three guards just stared at Gradient for a moment as she stared back, unsure of what that exchange just was. Slowly, the guards exited their fighting stances. Gradient watched, her brow furrowing. Her eye flicked between the leftmost one and the rightmost one. "Yeah..." The middle guard said, pulling something off of his combat vest. It looked like a hockey puck, but much thicker. "Stand down for a moment." The middle guard firmly said, placing the puck down on the ground. Gradient took a step back, and lowered her blade. However, she didn't sheathe it. The middle guard perked up for a moment, listening to a voice on the radio. "Yeah. Yes, sir...it's about to play." She had to go and get Elias right *now.* What the hell was SOLARSec doing? But just as she thought about leaping up onto the buildings, the hockey puck beamed up a playback in an odd, experimental holographic form. It didn't look quite correct, but it was still technically a hologram. The face display in the blue-green image of the hologram was her own. "I don't...fucking get it..." One of the guards muttered, mildly annoyed, when the other shushed them. The middle guard spoke out, hidden by the hologram. "There's someone who wants you to see this, uh..." he paused. "Cisila." Gradient flinched. Immediately, she sheathed her blade, and instead pulled out her pistol. "That's not my name." She hissed through the hologram. The middle guard flinched and took a step back as the playback started. Gradient froze. *"Log...two hundred and seventeen."* A male voice said, sounded deathly tired. *"The subject...perished again. It survived about five weeks. That was five hundred percent longer than the first subject, who died immediately upon birth."* The man sighed. *"It's been several years since Project Gradient, and we've been trying to replicate the Subject's genome structure. With the frozen Cisila Jane Siveta, it was easy. The difficult part was making a new...well, a new her."* There was a pause as the hologram shifted, showing the frozen Gradient. *"Despite how easy it was to recreate and produce the genome structure of the subject, clones have not been willing to...exist, frankly."* Gradient stared into the hologram, confused. Why did SOLARdawn want her to see this? What the *hell* did they gain from her seeing it? *"But...five weeks is a lot of time. A vast improvement."* The man said, rustled his papers, *"And after that...well, Martin did say that we would be moving. Our project belongs in modern times, away from the dying Illinois. I always told him it would be better to leave, to live under the cover of another life. And on Lúniks, we're going to do exactly that."* He sounded proud. *"Oh, and..."* The man added, rustling more papers, *"Martin told me to add a message to this one. That he knows Project Gradient will escape. She will not have her memories as Cisila, and most importantly...that she is pointless. With the advent of Project VIOLET, Cisila Jane Siveta can exist as many times over as she has to. Even with Martin's possible death, PALMER-EDEN lives on. And here's something he wrote, directed at Project Gradient...who I hope, sometime, is listening to this. He wrote:"*

Uh oh. Here it came. 

*"I know you will be the death of me. You are the original, and I have given you many, many tools to defeat me. But it doesn't matter. It took me years to decide what I was going to do with you, and as our solitary test subject, you went against the brunt of every test. Our cybernetics. Our nanobots. Our experimental weapons. I wiped your memory so you would be a pawn, but I suspect that you'll learn what happened. I suspect you won't be happy. But what I can't say is why you won't be happy. Is it because you no longer have your life? Your friends? Or is it because you thought you were someone else?"* Gradient stared, despondent. Her face was emotionless. The man continued to hurl through the note from Martin. *"Were you so desperate to turn yourself into someone else that you forgot how long we've had you? Thirty years. You will only become active in the 2070s. That will be nearly forty years of cryo sleep. We've taken every sample we could. We've tested your fertility. Everything. You've probably been the most useful human test subject in the history of humanity. So, so much was gained from you. Yet you're going to kill me, simply because of what I wanted you to do. What I had already done to you, aswell, though you may not consider that 'you.'"* The man took a short breath, and muttered, *"Jeez..."* before continuing. *"Here's what I want to tell you directly, Gradient. No matter how hard you try, and no matter how long you live for...PALMER-EDEN will outlive you. PALMER-EDEN will grow so large, that past my death, it will be the dominating force of these two worlds, and whatever lies beyond. By the time you see this, I'm likely dead. And that means Project SOLARdawn is on Lúniks. That means you are on Lúniks. It means, despite my death, everything has gone according to plan."* The grip on her pistol was hurting her metal hand. *"Whatever you did couldn't stop SOLARdawn. It is the next generation of PALMER-EDEN, and will have control over everything."* The man paused, sighing, before continuing on. *"And as a final note to you, Gradient, PALMER-EDEN will not need you by the time I am dead. As of today, Project VIOLET receives official funding. And you might be asking, 'Martin, what the hell is VIOLET?'."* Did SOLARdawn just *want* her to know what she was looking for? What was the meaning of this? *Why?* \
*"Project VIOLET, as you may have suspected from Mr. Lotez's logs-"* The man paused, adding, *"That's me."* before continuing. *"Is a project to clone you. To create a new Cisila Jane Siveta, with her personality, her body type...her hair. Her fondness for the colour purple. Everything."* The project she had been trying to track down...was a project built on her body's own legs. A project to remake the Girl. To clone her. And then...suddenly, she snapped out of her disbelief. "NO!" She screamed, flinging her pistol up and wildly shooting through the hologram, which had now switched to a tattered picture of Cisila. The bullets flew through the hologram and instead embedded themselves into the SOLARSec guards. *"Gradient!"* Kellien suddenly sputtered, panicked. *"Gradient, what's going on? You haven't moved!"* He asked. "SOLARSec just- just *stopped* me, and..." Gradient responded, feeling her heartrate rising. She snatched up the hockey puck device, turned it off, and looked down the street. "They *showed* me something..." She whispered. *"Gradient, Elias isn't responding!"* Kellien raised his voice, *"Gradient, you need to find him NOW!"* he demanded. "Shit, *shit*-" Gradient sputtered, holstering her pistol. "I'm sorry, I couldn't-" She began to climb up the side of the nearest building as fast as she could. *"It's going to be your fault if he's been killed!"* Gradient shook her head, "They *stopped* me." she tried to explain. *"That's no excuse. GO!"* He insisted. "Fine-" She grumbled through gritted teeth, pulling herself up onto the building. 

Sprinting across the rooftops, following the compass on her watch, Gradient spotted gunfire. Muzzle flashes through the curtains of rain. "They're still shooting." She reported, leaping across a gap and unsheathing her blade. Hidden by the heavy rain, she sprinted towards the closest SOLARSec guard she could find. From what she could tell, there were only three or four of them. Dropping into a slide, she sent water droplets flying in her wake as she slid towards the SOLARSec guard, who was holding down the trigger of his rifle. Leaping back up, Gradient thrusted her blade towards his back. It punctured the raincloak, before going straight through his back with a sleek *shik* noise. Steadying herself, she drove it deeper. The guard had no time to react, and in shock, he dropped his rifle. It clattered to the ground. "What-" They sputtered, before Gradient held tightly onto the hilt with both of her hands and pulled it upwards. The guard split in two from his stomach upwards. Blood spattered everywhere. Gradient leaped over the body as soon as it fell to the floor and climbed over a ventilation unit, sprinting straight towards the second guard. Their gunfire was centered on another ventilation unit, where Gradient assumed Elias was. But before she could get close enough to the second guard to cut him down, he screamed "THERE SHE IS!" and in an instant, he turned his gunfire towards her. A bullet flew past her head and nearly scraped the hood of her raincloak. Desperately, Gradient flung her sword up and blocked the second shot that was heading straight towards her. And then...everything began to slow down. Her only eye glazed over, a pixelated film overtaking it. The environment around her darkened, and began to turn blue, with hints of purple. It was now like she was moving in slow motion, her movements sustained as if she was trying to run through thick, heavy mud. The rain around her slowed to a crawl. But Gradient could see the guard pulling the trigger on the rifle. She could see the bullets flying towards her, their trajectories easy to see. Bringing her blade up, she began to deflect every bullet that came close to her, one by one. Each *clang* as the bullet hit the sharp blade was drawn out in the Vision, warped. While Gradient may have been slowed to a crawl, her footwork and her instincts still guided her closer to the guard, while deflecting each and every bullet. Some split in two, coming into contact with the sharp part of the blade. Whatever the guard was seeing, it must have scared him. He recoiled, but kept holding down the trigger of the rifle before it suddenly made a *click,* which in the Vision, was also drawn out. His head shifted down to the rifle and he dumped the mag. *Now* was the time to strike. With a whirr, the Vision deactivated and everything sped back up in an instant. \
Gradient slid across the wet rooftop, her boots skidding through water, and she cleaved straight through the guard, slicing his top half off of his bottom half. She had also cut straight through the rifle. The last guard had spotted her and turned their attention towards her aswell, but recoiled as they saw their comrade suddenly split in two. "What the-!?" They sputtered, raising their rifle. Gradient dropped her free hand towards her pistol and whipped it out of its holster, and pulled the trigger. The slide snapped back, and with a *bang,* the final guard toppled. She rushed over to where Elias was, and found him hiding behind the ventilation unit, clutching a bloody wound in his chest. "Jesus..." He hissed, looking up at her. "You're still ferocious." Gradient holstered her pistol and twirled her blade around before sheathing it. "Can we just go, please?" She asked. "You're injured. If we don't go, more will catch up." Elias nodded, and got up. "Might've got hit in the lung. Can't go far." He muttered. Gradient turned her radio on, "Kellien. I've got Elias. He's injured." She explained. *"Fuck...if only you showed up sooner."* Kellien replied. "That wasn't the damn problem." Elias said, "This happened before I even needed help. Quit badgering the girl." He hissed. "Kellien. Where's the safehouse?" Gradient asked. *"It shouldn't be far. Your compass is about to recalibrate to show the way. Get there, ASAP."* Kellien responded. *"Almost everybody's in."*

Gradient nodded at Elias, who sighed. "Yeah...ain't too far." He mumbled. "Let's go." And the two began to jog across the rooftops. Gradient was carefully watching him, to make sure the injury wasn't too bad. "What *did* keep you held up, by the way?" He wheezed. "I almost got attacked by a SOLARSec detachment, but they stopped once they realised I was...me, I guess." She tried to explain. "They showed me something off of a holodisk." Pulling the holodisk out of a pouch, she held it up. Elias nodded, "Better take a look at that later." And they continued to run towards the safehouse, and Gradient now had clear directions towards it. Climbing down onto an empty puddle filled street, the two ducked into an alleyway and quickly found a door hidden in the darkness of the dilapidated alleyway, which ended in a dead end, the other streets blocked by an apartment building. "The rain ain't givin' up, huh..." Elias muttered, looking upwards. "Nope..." Gradient muttered, pulling out an identification fob and pointing it at a heavy metal door which looked like it *really* didn't belong. The fob beeped, its orange light blinking. The metal door *thunked* heavily, and began to move out of the way. Grinding against the ground, it slowly shifted to reveal a passage. A set of stairs down below a building. "You go first. The Medica will fix you up." Gradient muttered, and Elias obliged, heading down first. Gradient carefully looked around to make sure nobody had been watching. The damp and dark alleyway was empty, as was the street to her left. She sighed, and headed down afterwards, letting the heavy door shut behind her. 

# 3
# The Emergency Response Squad
## 22:43, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 20th, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

Heading down the steps, Gradient pulled her hood down. Water droplets ran down the raincloak and fell onto the stairs as she walked down. Dim blue and red lights lined the top of the staircase, leading down to the entrance of the only HEART safehouse in the Sector. As she got to the bottom of the stairs, Gradient began to hear the chatter of other HEART operatives, who were standing around the entrance area and chatting about what had just happened. A couple glanced at her and quickly looked away, returning to their conversations. The chatter died down as she passed through. The entrance area was mostly concrete, with thick pillars holding the ceiling up. Above them was a diner, owned by a man from Japan. From Earth. He was the main reason this HEART bunker even existed. The man was a HEART operative, and despite his age, he still had plenty of uses to HEART. When he secured this area, they awarded him with retirement...the only catch being that he would live above the bunker, and help in times of need. He accepted. Gradient had never met the man, but was curious. As she made her way through the entrance and into the main room, she looked around, being reminded of the man's Japanese origins. The lights lining the ceilings and the orbular paper lamps reminded her of the recordings and images she had seen of Japan. It was like the dark red-light districts in Japan...one in particular. The name eluded her. Continuing to make her way through the HEART bunker, Gradient headed towards a room she knew Kellien would be waiting in: the conference room. She took a left down the hallway from the entrance area and pushed open a set of heavy wooden doors into a room with a concrete circular table in the middle, with screens attached to the walls. Each one displayed a standby screen, with the HEART logo spinning in place on a magenta background. Kellien was standing at the table, leaning on it, his hands splayed on the table to maintain his balance while leaning. On the other side was an older man, and Gradient had to do a double take when she saw him. It was the Japanese man. His hair was short, greying, and he had a thick beard. His eyes reflected the many magenta screens, and in the light, Gradient could see his many wrinkles. He was dressed in a simple way, with a thick plastic rain coat on and heavy pants and boots on. "...Yes, I understand that..." The man rattled off, pinching his nose. "But you *can't* just come barging in here. What if someone followed you?" He sputtered. "Nobody followed us." Kellien insisted. "I'm trying to get you to understand that..." He grumbled, scrunching his eyes shut. He had taken his gear off for the time being, and he looked tired. Underneath all of the gear, he was still the average-looking rough man that Gradient knew. Unlike most of the time, however, he had shaved his stubble. "Two *dozen* people in your squad..." The Japanese man muttered, before spotting Gradient. "Oh. A visitor." \
Gradient stopped. "Uh- sorry." She mumbled. "No worries." The man replied. "Your squad leader's in a tizzy." He added, flicking a finger at Kellien. "That's- that's *not...*" Kellien groaned, and stepped back from the table, rubbing his forehead. "Nevermind..." He grumbled. "And who might you be?" The man asked carefully, leaning against the large table.

# 4
# Break In
## 19:54, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 21st, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

Quietly opening a side door in the SOLARdawn building, Gradient stepped into the empty tower. At this time, there was nobody inside the tower. Not even security. Looking around, Gradient had stepped into a long hallway that went far to the left and right. Opposite the side entrance were a few doors, but none of them looked particularly necessary to look through. The hallway was drab white, with a shiny black floor that probably attracted a lot of footprints. The lights were dim, but still on. Pulling the hood of her raincloak down, Gradient headed right. Towards the lobby, she remembered from the floorplan. Her footsteps echoed off of the walls, the only sound in the building besides the subtle drone of the air conditioning. "I'm inside." She said quietly into her radio as she walked through the hallway. *"Good."* Responded Elias, who had taken over briefly. *"Once you get to the, uh, the lobby...should be an elevator to the second floor. There, you can find their file archives. Try and find something on..."* He paused. *"Experiments. I dunno how long it'll take you, but if they're doin' anything related to you, it'll be in there."* Elias sighed. *"Just hope the place is actually empty..."* His worry was valid. Around every corner, there was a chance a stray SOLARSec guard could appear out of nowhere. As Gradient stepped into the lobby, her eye scanned the area, and she silently prayed that nobody would notice her. HEART had gotten the security camera system offline, and luckily for her, there seemed to be no guards. "Nobody yet." She reported, walking across the drab, clean lobby and towards an elevator sitting on the opposite side of the room. "Second floor..." She muttered, stepping inside and hitting the button to the corresponding floor. The elevator's doors slid shut and the whole thing jostled as it began to move upwards. The elevator was comprised of the same white and black colour scheme as the rest of the building. It was mind numbing, seeing everything in such a bland colour scheme. It reminded Gradient of the PALMER-EDEN skyscraper in Illinois. The elevator thunked to a stop and the doors slid open with a subtle ding. *"Second floor."* Said a pleasant digital voice. Gradient nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard it, only to immediately realize it was just the elevator. *Hate those voices.* She angrily thought, stepping out of the elevator. On the floor, she had entered its own main lobby, and saw sliding glass doors leading down other hallways. "Where are the archives?" Gradient asked, unable to remember this part of the floorplan. *"South doors."* Elias replied. Gradient checked her compass and turned towards the southern facing doors. *Okay.* She thought, walking towards them. They slid open as soon as she got close enough, and walking past them, Gradient began to traverse the hallway ahead. Once more, the floor was black, and the walls were white. Lines were plastered along the walls in drab colours, and she realized they were directions to certain rooms. Pausing and looking at the lines, she saw in the dim light that one said *Archives.* It was a drab green line, thick and blocky. It led far down the hallway, and she immediately began to follow it. *"I'm seeing some activity outside the building."* Elias suddenly reported. *"Ya might want to quiet down a little. Hurry it up..."* \
Gradient obliged, and quickened her pace, turning a corner. The line suddenly stopped at a door, and Gradient immediately went into the room it stopped at. Pushing the door open and letting it shut behind her, Gradient was met with an *extremely* messy room. Folders were piled up on tables, chairs were strewn about, and file cabinets lined the walls. It was nice to see a sign of life inside the building, when previously, it looked like nobody had ever stepped inside the building. Looking at the various file cabinets, she couldn't see their labels from the door. But before she even went to those, she walked over to the many tables in the centre of the room and looked at the folders that had been left out. Flipping one open that was on the top of a pile, she read the title. *Project Takeover - LHD-0404* it seemed like some sort of drug from what she read, and not something that mattered to her, so she flipped the folder shut. 

Turning around, Gradient scanned the wall of cabinets. Her brow furrowed. This was a *lot* of documentation. The cabinets reached all the way to the ceiling, and were quite large. There must have been a lot of folders in each. Walking over to the nearest set of cabinets, she began looking at their labels. *Economics,* one read. *Mobile devices,* another read. It seemed like most of these were just documentation on various public projects, like another she read after. *Medical Services, Máneá.* A cabinet full of their medical exploits, likely including their subsidiary, Equinox Medical. Frowning, she continued looking at the labels for each drawer, before she finally found one that piqued her interest. *Projects & Experiments,* it read. It was locked with a rather flimsy system, which Gradient easily snapped with her cybernetic hand. The lock came off with a sharp *clang,* and the drawer jostled in its place before Gradient pulled it open. It thunked as it opened, and Gradient saw that the drawer was *full* of folders, crammed in despite there being no space. Leaning down and looking through all of them, Gradient felt her lip twitch as she read the scribbled-on note for one of the folders. *Project Angel*, it read. Gradient had heard that name before, and she couldn't help but pull the folder out of its place and open it up. As she opened the folder, Gradient scanned its contents. It was full of pages upon pages of information on the project, and Gradient decided to pull out a random one. She had already heard of Angel, but she was curious as to what she was and how SOLARdawn created her. The paper she had pulled out was on the enhancements that Angel had received, and as Gradient scanned the words, she frowned. *August 23rd, 2074. Subject has received Flame Heart Ultima organ.* She read. *Also on August 23rd, 2074, Subject received an altered genome courtesy of Dr. Vitaly Leremkov.* The Ultima, *and* something else that altered her? Gradient didn't understand what was going on here. As she put the folder down on a table and began flipping through it, she saw that the subject, who had previously been named Angelina, had *lost her memories.* Complete amnesia. Gradient's brow furrowed as she connected the dots. The odd similarity between herself and Angel. But there was one key detail that differentiated them: Gradient had never asked for this. Angelina had clearly used herself for the project, knowing full well what would happened. Reading further and further, it seemed like Angel had gone in a different direction than Gradient had, but clearly one that she *could've.* A cold-blooded killing machine with no remorse, no mercy, and most certainly no restraint. One of the pages even called her the *judge, jury, and executioner* of SOLARdawn's Myrdiva branch. It was shocking to Gradient that she hadn't heard about *this* part, when it seemed like SOLARdawn had created their own Gradient, and would likely be willing to use it against her if they could. An image of a quick and painful death at the hands of Angel flashed through Gradient's head for a moment, before she snapped the folder shut and walked back over to the cabinets. She shoved the thick manilla folder back into the overfilled cabinet, and instead opened another cabinet, labelled *Experimental Technology,*. This one, unlike the last, was completely empty aside from one folder, titled *"4C."* Compared to the Project Angel folder, it was much smaller.

What on Earth did *"4C"* mean? Was it a project name? Was it the name of something? She pulled the folder out and opened it. What Gradient didn't expect to read was that 4C was an AI assistant unit connected to a mainframe that seemed to just be a helper of some sort. *HEART could use something like that,* she thought. Raising her hand to the apparatus replacing her right eye, Gradient found the ridge on it where there was a small button. She raised the folder describing 4C's purpose to her eye with the best lighting she could get, and clicked down the small button. All four cameras in the corner of the apparatus snapped an individual picture of the page, and would stitch them together to create a full picture. The apparatus would automatically upload the picture to the HEART database. Thinking that the single page wasn't enough, Gradient flipped through the rest of the folder and took more pictures, including a diagram of 4C. The unit seemed to be just a small box. It was kind of cute, in a robot sort of way. After a few minutes of snapping photos, Gradient snapped the folder shut and slid it back into the cabinet, before sliding the cabinet shut. She needed a moment. SOLARdawn seemed to be doing a *lot* of things, and as she began to pace around the room and think, she was led back to her beginning question. *Why* were they cloning her? What caused them to go this route? It seemed like they already had a Gradient...but maybe that had come afterwards. Maybe they could still do worse. And if they could do worse...Gradient pulled the *Experiment* cabinet open again and looked through it. After a few seconds of searching in the dim light, Gradient finally pulled out a folder that said *Project VIOLET.* \
This was it. That name was what Palmer had mentioned in his letter, that the scientist had read in the holographic log. Opening it up slowly, Gradient immediately winced upon seeing a photo of herself, frozen in a cryo chamber. Scribbled on the picture was a note. *Project GRADIENT progressing well. Please keep up the good work on VIOLET. -M.P.* It read. *M.P...* it clearly stood for Martin Palmer. Reading the first page in the folder, she saw a detailed description of how SOLARdawn copied Gradient's own gene structure and their various attempts at refitting it for new life. As she flipped to the next page, she saw they were having trouble. And then she continued flipping, and flipping, and flipping. All the pages were of failure. Every subject that ended up alive would die immediately, or only a few weeks after birth. Just like the man in the audio log had explained. They had hit a roadblock. But then, after what felt like a thousand pages of failure, she saw a page almost completely blacked out with ink. Gradient couldn't read what had happened here, except for a few words. *January [blank], 2070.* The precise date and time were blacked out. The *entire* page was just lines of black ink. But then, at the very bottom of the page, *project deemed success. Alive and well.* Gradient stood there for what felt like ages, staring at the word *success.* Her eye focused so hard on the single, laser printed word on the sheet of paper that it began to quiver slightly. If 2070 had been the success, then that meant the clone was still a child. Six, probably. Which meant she would have to lead a *child* out of here. As annoying as it felt, Gradient knew she had to do it. Flipping through the final pages of the folder, she saw where the subject was. The tenth floor of the skyscraper, further up than the room she was currently in. And with that information, Gradient snapped the folder shut. It had run out of uses, and it was pointless to take it with her. SOLARdawn would be able to easily fight back against Hammerhead if the company brought the folder up, accusing Hammerhead of setting them up. Too much trust was in SOLARdawn, all across Amadnésam. There was no easy way to get back at them, other than taking the subject and doing a simple test to see if she *was* a clone. And with that, Gradient shoved the folder back into the cabinet and left the room without even closing it. \
She felt frustrated with herself. With SOLARdawn. With PALMER-EDEN. Gradient was angry at herself for being unable to find this earlier. To make sure it never happened in the first place. She would've torn this entire operation down by its roots if she had to. But it was far, far too late to be able to do so. SOLARdawn's routes stretched too far out and extended far below Gradient's grip. 

Stepping back into the elevator, she hit the button to the tenth floor with such vigor that the glass slightly cracked. She didn't care. She needed to get to the kid. They needed to get out, and as fast as possible. The life of a child, Gradient knew, was really important to a normal person's development. And if this clone was unable to have a normal life, Gradient would feel like she failed. The clone needed to leave with Gradient...she just hoped that the child would understand. That despite being stuck in here all their life, they wanted out. As the elevator doors slid shut and the large box began to move upwards, Gradient shut her eye, and flexed her fingers. What if the child *had* been indoctrinated? What if it was too late? Gradient didn't want to think about it, but the thought was unnaturally piercing her mind. Why was she so *worried* about a child? Was it because it was a clone of herself? Did she feel like if she didn't save them, she was abandoning a part of herself? Or was there another reason there, buried deep in the back of her head? Ever since she crushed that datacard with Cisila's memories underneath her foot, Gradient had unwillingly felt different. For a brief moment, she had been the Girl again, and the Girl killed Palmer. The Girl had torn him to shreds, piece by piece, out of rage and hate. \
When she saw she had nothing left, no friends, no familiar faces, or even her own life...she was devastated. It was all gone. The Girl had willingly pulled the datacard out from the back of Gradient's neck, and left Gradient to do what she wanted with it. After so much confusion and torment, when she was standing in front of a mirror in her bathroom at the new HEART campus in Illinois, Gradient stared into the reflection and only saw the Girl staring back at her. And the reflection *spoke* to her. It told her that it nothing to live for anymore. The reflection scared her. Her eye went wide. It terrified her so much that she impulsively drove her metal fist into the mirror, and shattered it. Gradient had pulled the datacard off of the ledge of the sink, and dropped it on the floor. She wasn't the Girl. She never would be. Gradient had crushed the slim datacard beneath her boot with such force that it was completely unsalvageable. Opening her eye, she remembered where she was. The elevator. The clone. Gradient let out a deep exhale, and noticed the elevator *thunk* to a stop. She realized something as she stepped out of the elevator and looked around. A dim hallway awaited her, stretching left and right with wide, open windows where the rain pounded against them. The floor and walls were the same as every other level she had been on. White. Black. Sleek and smooth. Gradient had realized that this clone *was* the Girl. For all intents and purposes, this was her, but maybe SOLARdawn tried to give her a different name. A different life, perhaps. Gradient *desperately* hoped they had as she started walking down the right hallway, straight towards the end of it, where a single bland door awaited her. It was quite far away. Behind that door, the clone was there.

And after a couple minutes of walking, her footsteps echoing off the walls, Gradient finally made it to the door. She gripped the handle, and slid the door to the side with a *thunk*. As the door slid into the wall, the light from outside flooded into the small room.

And on the bed, there was a small girl. 


# 5
# Little One
## 20:14, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 21st, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

The girl stared at her with wide eyes. Gradient stood in the doorway, her silhouette tall and menacing. The girl probably couldn't see her face because of the hood. The girl's room was...mostly empty. It was white and grey, as drab as Gradient's own room in the PALMER-EDEN tower. There was just a bed, a nightstand, and a closet. The curtains to the window were shut, and Gradient could hear the still overwhelming downpour of rain battering against the window. "...Who?" The little girl whispered, her voice barely registering with Gradient. The girl was dressed in primarily white and grey aswell, but her hair was brown. The exact same shade as Gradient's. Her eyes were wine coloured, and a plume of the girl's hair was already starting to cover her right eye. "Who...?" The girl repeated, a little more louder. It sounded as if she barely used her voice to talk. Gradient hesitated for a moment, before lifting her hands up to her hood and pulling it down. Taking a step into the room as quietly as she could, Gradient watched the girl recoil slightly. Her eyes were filled with fear. What did she think Gradient was going to do? What made her scared? Had SOLARdawn already messed with her? How could Gradient calm her down? There was nothing in the room to help her...no toys. No books. Gradient had never had to deal with a child before, much less...a child version of *herself*. Without anything physical to use, Gradient only had her voice. The only way to get through to the girl would to be kind. And that was the first thing she tried. "Don't be scared..." Gradient said carefully, "I'm not here to do anything to you." The girl fidgeted with her hands, watching Gradient with her wide eyes. "No...?" She whispered. "No." Gradient repeated back, shaking her head. She took a step closer. The girl still flinched. Gradient inhaled deeply, and exhaled slowly. "Can you see my face?" She asked. The girl shook her head. Gradient looked around the room, her brow furrowed. "Where's the light switch?" She quietly asked. The girl pointed to a spot next to the door. Gradient reached over and felt the bump of a light switch in the wall. "There it is..." She muttered, and she flicked it on. Immediately, the solitary light in the room flickered to life. The girl stared up at the light, and then back at Gradient. She could now see Gradient's face. "Oh..." The girl whispered. Gradient slid the door to the girl's room shut and slowly walked up to her. "Is that better?" Gradient asked, watching the girl. The girl nodded. "Yes..." She mumbled. Slowly, Gradient crouched at the girl's bed. "Do you live here?" She asked. The girl bit her lip nervously and looked around. "Yes..." She responded quietly. Gradient looked down, frowning. *She lives here...* \
"What's your name?" Gradient then asked. The girl looked around the room, fidgeting with her fingers. "Cisi...la." She mumbled. Gradient felt a pang of horror shoot up her spine. *Of COURSE they fucking named her Cisila...* Her mind's voice hissed. "...Do you know *why* you're here?" Gradient continued to ask questions. She had to see what the little girl knew- even if it wasn't much, every detail counted. And if, somehow, she could get the girl out...she would be ammunition against SOLARdawn. The little Cisila stuttered. "Umm- um-" She mumbled. "Don't know..." Cisila whispered. "I've always...been...h- here." She seemed to struggle to put words together. "Do you...*like* being here?" Gradient said, tilting her head. "No..." Cisila muttered. "No." She seemed a bit more sure of herself. "I- I- *hate.*" She hissed. "Strange people...always staring at me...like a zoo..." She tried to explain. "They stare at you? Do they do anything else?" Gradient asked, frowning again. "They ask questions...ask if I'm eating properly...ask if- if-" She stuttered. "If I can read yet..." Gradient's brow furrowed harder, and she felt worried. "You- can't read?" She asked. "No...and the- the man says I should be able to...he gets mad." Cisila whispered. Gradient shut her eyes, and sighed, pinching her nose. "Are- are you...OK?" Cisila asked quietly. "Yes..." Gradient replied, lowering her hand and looking back at Cisila. "They're bad people. Every single one in this building, C...Cisila." Gradient's lip twitched. "They're doing bad things to you. Experiments." She couldn't explain to a child that they were a clone. That would break them. And it didn't seem like SOLARdawn had bothered, either. "Experiments...?!" Cisila whispered, terrified. Gradient raised a hand towards Cisila's face, before quietly asking, "Is it alright if I touch you? Is that okay?" Cisila stared at her for a moment, her eyes flicking between Gradient's face and her cybernetic arm. "Okay." Cisila responded quietly. Gradient reached forward and lifted the plume of hair covering Cisila's right eye. To her dismay, there was a barcode tattooed underneath Cisila's right eye, and a strange set of what looked like circular ports for cables lodged into her temple, close to her eyebrow. The look on Gradient's face as she stared at the ports and the tattoo made Cisila flinch. "Did- did I do something wrong?!" Cisila whispered, terrified. "No-" Gradient sputtered, pulling her hand back, "It's...it's okay." She sighed. "You can't see it, but there's something they've done to you hidden under all that hair of yours." Gradient explained. "Oh..." Cisila mumbled, linking her hands together. "Your hand is cold and shiny- like- like metal." She whispered. "It *is* metal." Gradient replied, holding her hand up. The shiny black metal of her arm glinted in the light, as did the purple accents "My whole arm is." Cisila stared in amazement, before looking at her face again. "You look like me...just with an- an eye...um...missing." Cisila said quietly, her eyes flicking away. "I'm...aware of that." Gradient sighed. "Are you..." Cisila started, before trailing off. "Am I what...?" Gradient said, beginning to cringe. *Don't say it. Don't say it. Please, for the love of God, don't say it. Please.* She begged in her head. "Are you...my mommy?" Cisila whispered, barely registering. Gradient cringed hard, and leaned her head back. She bit her lip uncomfortably and scrunched her eye shut. *God damnit.* She thought. Lowering her head and opening her eye, she looked at Cisila. The little girl was staring back expectantly. The answer was *kind of,* but for all intents and purposes, that would pretty much be a *yes* to a child. There was no reason not to say yes. But she did *not* want to be called "mommy".

Gradient sighed again. "I- I suppose." She relented. Cisila's eyes lit up. "Really?!" She sputtered, about to jump off the edge of the bed and into Gradient. Gradient held her hands up, "Calm. Calm down, please." She muttered. "Ooops..." Cisila mumbled, stopping herself. Gradient scrunched her eye shut and grumbled. "*Please* don't call me 'mommy' though." She muttered. "Why...?" Cisila asked quietly. "I-..." Gradient started, but she saw the sad look on Cisila's face. The girl had never had a mother before. Or a father. Or anyone, probably. All of the people here likely treated her like a test tube, and not a human. "...Nevermind. But can you at least keep it to a minimum?" She requested. Cisila's eyes went wide again and she nodded. She smiled. "Okay!" The little responded gleefully. "Now, okay..." Gradient mumbled, standing up, "I need to get you out of here." She looked behind her at the open door. The dim hallway looked a lot more menacing than it did before. If someone appeared now, she'd have to fight them in front of a child. "Out of here...?" Cisila asked, tilting her head to the side. "You're not supposed to be here. The bad people here...they're going to do horrible things to you if I don't take you with me." Gradient explained. "Do you *want* to come with me?" She asked. Cisila nodded rapidly. "But- isn't it raining really really really *really* hard?" The little girl asked. "Yes...do you have a raincloak?" Gradient asked her, tilting her head towards the closet. "Umm-" The girl mumbled, "I think so...can you check for me?" Cisila kicked her legs impatiently. Gradient sighed, and walked over to the closet, opening it. She dug through it before she found a thick raincloak similar to her own. It was small enough for the little Cisila. "Here." Gradient said, bringing it over to Cisila. Crouching in front of the girl, Gradient pulled it onto her. "Do you need to bring anything with you?" Gradient asked, watching the girl. "No...I- I don't *have* anything..." Cisila mumbled, sliding off the bed. "Can- can I hold your hand? I don't leave...leave my room...really..." The little girl tried to explain, watching the hallway ahead of them. "Okay. Hold on, then." Gradient replied, holding her hand out. Cisila grasped onto it, and Gradient guided her out of the room. The empty, dark hallways seemed to be watching the two as Gradient pulled the little Cisila along. Gradient was still trying to figure out what the hell had just happened. She hadn't expected to find a *child.* An adult was what she had expected, but judging by the log that the SOLARdawn mole had destroyed, this may have been the first clone to make it past the early days. "...Where...where are we gonna go?" Cisila asked. "We need to get out of the building first..." Gradient muttered, watching ahead of them carefully. "I'm- kinda- kinda scared..." The girl mumbled, holding onto Gradient's metal hand tighter. "It'll be okay." Gradient said quietly. "Once we get out, you're completely free." Cisila nodded. "The problem is just-" Gradient began, but she stopped dead in her tracks. A SOLARSec guard rounded the corner. Cisila quietly gasped and gripped onto Gradient's hand. "No...no, no no...no...!" The little girl whispered, staring at the armor clad, gun-wielding guard. They stopped in their tracks, staring at Gradient and Cisila silently. "...Let go of my hand for a moment." Gradient whispered. "But- but-" Cisila stuttered. "...Let go. Just for a moment. *Please.*" Gradient insisted. Cisila's tiny hands slowly slipped off of Gradient's hand, and Gradient took a step forward, slowly unsheathing her blade. There was no other way around the guard. "Wait- wait, what are you..." Cisila stuttered, her voice getting quieter and quieter. The guard slowly raised their rifle, aiming it at Gradient. But, in a flash, as Gradient lunged forward, there was a horrible slashing noise as her CFI-3 blade sliced through the guard. Fabric ripped, skin tore, and the guard fell to the ground, their top half separated from their bottom half. Flinging her blade out to send the blood flying off of it, Gradient twirled it around and sheathed it. Turning back around, she realized what she had just done. The little girl was staring in horror, her eyes locked onto the growing pool of blood. Feeling her lip twitch, Gradient rushed back over to the little Cisila, and crouched in front of her, blocking the view. "What- what-...why..." The girl sputtered, shaking. Gradient took hold of both of her hands, pushing them together. "Shh." Gradient whispered. The girl was staring into her eyes, "Why did you...why...why..." She was stuttering. "He would've done that to us." Gradient quietly said. The girl was breathing heavily, almost hyperventilating. "I know you don't want to see it...I don't like it, either." Gradient explained. "R-really?" Cisila mumbled. "The next time this happens..." Gradient began, her brow furrowing. "Close your eyes, and it'll be like it never happened. Can you do that for me?" She asked. "Close...close my eyes..." Cisila mumbled, looking around. "Never happened...?" She asked, looking at Gradient again. Gradient nodded. "Yes. Everything is going to be okay, Cisila. Just close your eyes. You're safe with me."

Cisila quietly nodded, and Gradient led her past the bloody corpse. Cisila had shut her eyes. Gradient flicked on her radio, "I've got...the subject." She muttered. "It's a little girl. It's...hang on." She paused, looking down at Cisila. Now past the corpse, Cisila opened her eyes. "Huh...?" She mumbled, looking up at Gradient. "How old are you?" Gradient asked, her eye flicking between Cisila and the hallway ahead. "Six!" The girl said, happy to have something to talk about. "Thank you...she's six, Kellien." Gradient said into her radio, cracking a small smile. *"So we've got a kid to deal with now? Great...how are you going to get her out?"* Kellien responded, slightly miffed. "However I need to. The little one's a smart cookie, she knows...not to look. Right?" Gradient said, looking down at Cisila. "Yes..." Cisila mumbled, frowning. Gradient wasn't happy about it either. "Any time someone comes around, you need to close your eyes. You can do that, right? *Anyone*." Gradient insisted. "What if they're good people...?" Cisila quietly asked. "I'll tell you. But I don't want you peeking...I don't want you to see...more than you already had to." Gradient explained, crouching next to her again. \
The little girl looked into her eye. "Okay...I'm sorry..." Cisila mumbled. "It's my fault for being violent. Not yours. Don't do what I do, okay?" She said, putting her hands on Cisila's shoulders. The girl nodded. "Now, let's go. No time to waste." Gradient said, standing back up and continuing to lead Cisila to the side entrance she had entered from. They continued to go down each level. Around every corner, Gradient felt her free hand clench in anticipation. Every so often, around each corner, there was a guard. But the little girl did as Gradient requested, and every time a guard fell to the floor, she led Cisila past. Cisila's hands were covering her eyes. Gradient couldn't help but feel terrible as she led Cisila into the elevator and pushed the button back to the ground floor. Crouching down next to the girl, Gradient sighed. "I'm sorry about this." She said, gently putting a hand on the little girl's shoulder. Cisila stared at her, her eyes bright and wide. She looked a little confused. "Once we get outside, it'll be all okay. No more...no more..." Gradient struggled to explain what she was doing in a way that wouldn't scare the girl. "No more of- *that*, okay?" She said, tilting her head a little. The little Cisila quietly nodded and held her hands together, swaying back and forth on her feet while waiting for the elevator to stop. It suddenly came to a stop, and the doors slid open, and Gradient stood up only for her stomach to twist in horror as she saw what awaited the two. A squad of SOLARSec guards armed with CFI blades. Cisila's eyes went wide and she gasped quietly, sliding further back into the elevator. She clasped her hands over her eyes, and Gradient took one look at her, and then at the guards. Clasping her sheathed blade, Gradient stepped out of the elevator and slowly approached the squad. They weren't dressed like normal SOLARSec guards, but were instead in pure black uniforms with bright red accents. Their helmets were similar to normal SOLARSec guards, but the face of the helmet was completely made of LEDs, which seemed to be displaying a horizontal red lines on each helmet at the moment. Stopping as close as she dared to get, Gradient eyed what she assumed to be the squad leader. **"Hand the Subject over."** The leader ordered, their voice completely scrambled by the SOLARSec helmet's voice modifier, making it sound rough, crunchy, robotic and like the wearer had no personality. The red line displayed on the helmet warped and crackled, and Gradient realized what it was displaying: an audio visualizer, showing when the SOLARSec unit spoke. **"You have no say in this matter."** They added, slowly unsheathing their CFI-2 blade. "I'm not giving you back the girl." Gradient replied, settling her right hand on the grip of her CFI-3 blade. The rest of the squad unsheathed their own blades, the sharp metal making a distinct noise as each blade left its sheathe. **"SOLARSec emergency power permissions, active."** The leader chattered, seemingly reading off something to confirm they could kill Gradient. **"Act two of SOLARdawn terms of service, article two, page four, section A. You are sentenced to a quick and certain death. Recording confrontation in three, two, one. Upon completion, recording will be uploaded to SOLARdawn's database as evidence of child kidnapping to be used against Hammerhead."** They finished, twirling the blade around before raising it in a fighting stance. 

Gradient pulled her blade out of its sheathe with such speed that her raincloak billowed out for a moment, and she spun the steel blade around. It hummed, the air around the sharp edge of the blade reverbrating slightly. "I'm not letting you do any of that." She hissed, the apparatus in her right eye activating, its distinct four, circular red lights in each corner of the boxy device blinking on. **"Commencing operation."** The squad leader simply said, taking a step forward, before suddenly lunging forward with such speed that the black and red armor became a blur. Gradient quickly slid backwards, raising her blade to defend against whatever the leader was trying to do. As the SOLARSec guard slowed down, she saw them raise their CFI-2 blade high into the air and begin to bring it down on Gradient. Flinging her sword upwards and latching onto the sharp end of the blade with her metal left hand, the squad leader's blade slammed into her own with a *CLANG*, and the leader whipped the sharp metal blade down, the metal screeching as sparks flew from the harsh movement. Before the leader could try anything else, Gradient slammed her knee into their stomach, kicked them away, and was almost immediately met with one of the other squad members leaping forward and attempting a fast killing blow on Gradient. Ducking down into a roll and out into a slide across the slick floor, Gradient pulled herself back up and unholstered her pistol with her free hand, flinging it up and firing at the other two members of the squad that hadn't yet advanced. Following the two subsequent *bangs* from her pistol, and the quiet clattering of the brass casings on the ground, Gradient shoved the pistol back into its holster and brought her blade up yet again to defend against another attack from the squad leader. Gradient forced their blade down with her own and bashed her forehead into their helmet, cracking the large LED screen. The leader grunted and stumbled back, but quickly regained their senses, going in for yet another swing. What resulted was a rapid exchange of blows between the two as Gradient blocked each and every quick swing the leader did, up, down, left and right, every which way to get at Gradient. \
Unfortunately for her, she wasn't fast enough, and one of the swings connected with the back of her forearm as her blade was forced away from the defensive position she had taken. The carbon and metal combination of her arms wasn't enough to stop the squad leader's blade, and she felt a sharp puncture. "Fuck...!" She winced, bringing her blade back around and slamming the sharp end of the blade into the side of the helmet, the metal of the blade screeching as Gradient tried to saw through the helmet in one, swift movement. Her blade glided off the helmet, and instead, she used the energy she had to whip around into a roundhouse kick, slamming her foot into the side of the squad leader's head, which sent them careening towards the glass wall. As they slammed into it, Gradient barely dodged another attack from the remaining squad member, and took her opportunity to drive the CFI-3 blade straight through them, ripping it upwards so as to split their upper into two pieces, the vertical cut going straight through their head, but it was unable to cut the helmet. The SOLARSec guard's body fell to the floor as Gradient tore her blade out of them. The squad leader, upon seeing this, broke character. **"What...the fuck?!"** They hissed, pushing off the glass wall and twirling their sword. **"You're a fucking MANIAC!"** They screamed, the voice modulator peaking and making Gradient flinch from the noise. They broke into a wild rush at Gradient. Gradient's eye narrowed as they got closer, and she noticed that the squad leader had lost his patience. He had left too many spots for attack open, and Gradient knew immediately what to do. *"And you're all worse than I am."* She hissed, dodging around the squad leader's final attack, and she swung her blade towards the opening she now had. The back of the squad leader's neck. With a horrible tearing noise, the blade cut straight through and she had lopped the squad leader's head off. Inside the SOLARSec helmet, it thunked to the floor, blood spilling out from where it had been attached to the neck. The body was upright for barely a second after, hitting the floor hard. Sheathing her blade, Gradient turned to the elevator, only to feel her fists clench as she gasped. One of the SOLARSec guards she had shot had gotten into the elevator, and was holding the little Cisila with their CFI-2 blade to her neck. The little girl was despondent, no emotion visible on her face except complete and utter fear. She was staring at Gradient, eyes as wide as they had ever been. The bullet wound the guard had sustained from Gradient's pistol was bleeding, the blood trickling down their armor. 

**"You want this weasel alive?"** The guard asked, putting the blade closer to Cisila's throat, and Gradient felt the muscles in her left cheek just below her eye twitch. **"You're gonna have to fucking leave, and never come back."** Gradient tried to take a step forward, but the guard made a sudden movement, pulling Cisila back further into the elevator. **"Take a step back..."** They hissed, and Gradient realized there was only one thing left to do. Pinching her pointer finger and thumb against a certain dial on her watch, she twisted it as far as it would go. The guard watched her, tilting their head to the side. An odd feeling shot up her spine, like an ice-cold fluid her spine was being flooded in. It was uncomfortable, and it made her arms feel as if they were frozen aswell, despite the actual temperature around her being quite warm. What had just happened was an upgrade HEART had made to the Vision, that she had been meaning to test out. And now would be the only time to do it. Her left eye began to glaze over, the pixelated film of the vision once again overtaking it. Everything around her warped and slowed down, slowly becoming washed in a dark purple tint, with red and blue mixed in. But now, unlike before, she had full mobility. Her perception of time had slowed to a crawl, but her body hadn't. Taking a step forward, her body moved normally. Gradient saw the man begin to recoil, his movements incredibly obvious and slow. She pulled her pistol out of its holster, slowly raised it, and glanced at Cisila. Her eyes were wide open, and the child didn't have the reaction time to realize what was happening. She'd have to watch Gradient pull the trigger. With some luck, perhaps she wouldn't see what was about to happen right beside her. Gradient pulled the trigger down on the pistol, her pointer finger squeezing the metal into the grip. The slide snapped back and there was a *BANG,* but it was slowed to the point that it seemed to echo off of the walls. The muzzle flash, blinding bright, had slowed to a crawl aswell. The bullet exited the barrel, and immediately upon exiting Gradient's vicinity, it too stopped dead in its tracks. She had aimed for the guard's head, and now all she had to do was deactive the Vision. Blinking, the pixelated film on her eye vanished, and everything went back to normal as the frozen feeling in her arms and spine faded. The shot from the pistol warped back to normal, the muzzle flash disappearing as the deafening bang faded out. There was a *thunk* and a brief shattering as the bullet penetrated the SOLARSec guard's helmet, and they dropped their blade and slumped against the wall. Luckily, it seemed they weren't bleeding- or at least, the helmet was keeping the blood in. Spinning her pistol around and holstering it, Gradient ran over to Cisila, and crouched in front of her, blocking her view of the fight that had just happened. "What-...what..." Cisila sputtered, shaking uncontrollably. "What- why- why did...why did..." She was unable to put words together. "Cisila...calm. Calm down. Breathe." Gradient tried to help, gripping Cisila's shoulders. "Breathe. Deep breaths." She repeated. Cisila's pupils were dilated, now tiny pinpricks in her wine-coloured eyes. "I can't...I can't...!" She shuddered, hyperventilating. Gradient scrunched her eye shut and felt guilt to the bottom of her stomach. "Breathe." Gradient repeated quietly, her eye still shut. "Deep breaths. Close your mind off. Think of what makes you happy." She felt Cisila's shuddering calm down a bit, and Gradient opened her eye, looking at Cisila. She was taking deep breaths, but still looked terrified. "What makes you happy?" Gradient asked, letting go of Cisila's shoulder with her right hand and cupping it against Cisila's face. Cisila lifted her own hand up and latched onto Gradient's, staring at her. "The...the sky. Dogs..." Cisila whispered, shaking much less now, but something was still clearly up. "Anywhere that isn't...h...here."

"The sky..." Gradient repeated after her, quietly. "I saw you had a window in your room. Have you ever been outside?" Gradient asked her. Cisila shook her head, and looked rather downcast at the mention of going 'outside'. "Never...they never took me outside. When I asked...got...got bad answers. Told me to *never* ask..." Cisila sniffled, looking down at the floor of the elevator. *They treated this child like a test subject, and not like a human being.* Gradient thought. *Wonder where I've heard that before?* She sighed, and slid her thumb along Cisila's cheek, feeling the little girl's skin. "We're going outside. It's raining right now, I know, but I think it's even prettier than the sky during the day." Gradient quietly explained, tilting her head to the side a little. "Think about that." She said. "Don't you want to leave, and see what it feels like to have the sky over you? Maybe..." Gradient didn't wanted to make promises to the little girl, but this girl seemed to have nothing. Maybe there *was* something she could do for her. "Maybe we can find you a puppy, too." She finally said after a couple seconds of deliberation. The little girl looked up hopefully at Gradient. "I'll pick you up. I don't want you to see what...I've done." Gradient sighed, pulling her hands off of Cisila gently. "There was a nice scientist..." Cisila quietly said, "when I was sleepy, she would carry me to bed..." she seemed mournful in her tone. Gradient guessed that the scientist, whoever she was, was long gone. \
"Up you come, then." Gradient muttered, "Hope you're not heavy..." and she heaved Cisila into her arms, and it seemed she was going to be quite easy to carry. She wasn't too heavy, and she fit well into Gradient's arms, as if she was cradled there. Gradient slowly walked past the carnage she had just caused and over to the large sliding doors at the main entrance. Just as she made it to the doors, however, all the lights suddenly shut off and the main power went down with a low *whirr*, getting lower and lower before fading out. The sound of the rain kicked in, replacing the air conditioning that was no longer active. She heard the lights several stories up *thunk* off, and for a very brief moment, Gradient was confused. *Uh oh.* She thought, looking around. But she looked outside and saw that the entire city had gone into a blackout. *That'll be the rain.* Gradient thought, and she looked down at Cisila. "The power's just gone out. I'll take you out the way I came in..." She mumbled, and started off back to the side entrance. The hallway was even darker, the only lights being small emergency lights that barely lit anything with their dim red light. "Don't like this..." Cisila mumbled, snuggling closer to Gradient. Her legs dangled off Gradient's arm. After a minute or so of walking, Gradient found the door she had come through, and she shoved it open with her shoulder so as to not disturb the little Cisila. Stepping down the concrete steps into the alleyway next to the SOLARdawn building, Gradient looked around, and pulled her hood up. "Look up." Gradient said as she looked down at Cisila. The little girl stared up at the dark clouds as rain poured down on the two. 

-

Half an hour later, Gradient had made her way away from the SOLARdawn building with Cisila in her arms. She was now sitting with the little girl on a building, hidden under a tarp that had been propped up onto a couple of concrete poles sticking out from the roof. "It's going to be like this for a while," Gradient sighed, fiddling with her radio. She had pulled it off of her vest and was trying to see if there were any channels available. It seemed like the entire city had gone into a complete blackout. "I had friends, but it seems like I can't talk to them right now." Cisila watched Gradient, her eyes locked onto the radio. "I heard them..." She whispered, focused on the radio. "They came from...from that?" She asked. "Mhm," Gradient replied, re-attaching the device to her combat vest. "But with the power out, I can't...talk to them." She leaned back against the wall behind her and shut her eyes. "I can't tell them I found you. You're really important..." she wanted to say *"to me"*, but that didn't feel right to say. It was true, but something stopped her from saying it. "Im...portant?" Cisila quietly stuttered. Gradient looked down at the little girl and nodded, "Yes. Those people...they are...a part of a group who did these things to me." She pointed at the apparatus replacing her right eye, and then indicated her arms. "They took my life away. And you know what?" Gradient continued, lowering her arms. "What they were doing to you was a second attempt at what they did to me. But worse. If you had grown up there, I can't imagine what kind of person you'd have turned out to be." She sighed. "Bad...?" Cisila replied, her brow furrowing. "Bad." Gradient repeated, "You'd do what I do. Kill people. But people who never deserve it. When I do that, it's because they want to do that same thing to me." she explained, trying to make it sound *bad,* but not *too* bad. This was still just a little girl. "Oh..." Cisila mumbled, curling up into a ball against the brick wall behind them. The tarp was being hounded upon by the rain, which poured down around them. The city was pitch black, but Gradient could see a few lights on here and there, probably just lanterns or candles certain homes had brought out. Those who were still awake, at least. Gradient noticed Cisila yawn rather loudly, and the little girl seemed to be trying to use her raincloak as a blanket. \
Gradient lifted up the little Cisila and let the little girl rest on her lap, leaning into Gradient. "Do you know where we are?" Gradient asked quietly, looking down at Cisila. "No..." Cisila replied, rubbing her eyes. "Big...city." She said. "Don't know...nobody ever told me...a...anything." She finished, yawning again. They had really told her nothing...they hadn't even been able to teach her to read. Was this what SOLARdawn considered to be a success? Cisila was healthy at the very least, but it didn't seem like she understood a lot of things. She *did* understand violence, though, for some reason. And she was terrified of it. So terrified of it, that she had gone into a full blown panic attack. "Tired..." The little Cisila lamented, leaning more into Gradient. Gradient, too, was beginning to feel tired. She knew that they were safe here, for a day or so. They could sleep, Gradient just needed to pull the other tarp up that was lying in front of the two, so they would be completely shielded from sight and the rain. Reaching out carefully and lifting the tarp up, Gradient fastened it with the other one. It took several minutes of fiddling as her left hand was holding onto the little Cisila, so she only had her right hand free. But after that fiddling, Gradient leaned back against the wall and sighed. Cisila looked up her, confusion baked into her expression. Looking down at Cisila, Gradient just smiled. "It's okay." She whispered, before leaning her head against the wall. It *wasn't* okay, Gradient knew, as she wasn't sure where the little girl could go without being chased by SOLARdawn. Would they abandon her the moment she learned of what they did? Maybe there was a bit more violence to be done, to those who had mistreated the child. To those who treated her like an object, and not a small human being. One that deserved more care and attention than SOLARdawn would ever give. Gradient shut her eye and realized what she was thinking. *She* would be the one to give that care and attention. Gradient would try and teach Cisila as much as she could. No matter what, Gradient would not let her get taken away. "Cisila..." She said quietly, lifting the girl up so she was facing Gradient. Cisila made a confused noise, almost like a chirp, but instead of a real chirp, it was more like a high pitched *"huh?"*. "I'd like you to know something." Gradient said. Cisila nodded, watching Gradient carefully. Sighing, Gradient blinked. She was feeling odd. "You're going to stay with me." She finally said, leaning down. Her forehead touched Cisila's, and Gradient shut her eye tightly. Cisila made no response, and simply stayed quiet. She seemed to be waiting for something. "I would've come for you sooner. If I knew you existed." She whispered. Cisila seemed to be even more confused than before, but nonetheless held onto Gradient's hands again. "Those people are going to keep looking for you." Gradient explained, her voice barely registering above the pounding rain. "But I won't let them." 

Pulling back, she looked Cisila in the eyes again, and cupped a hand against her cheek again. Cisila raised her own hand and touched it, her fingers grasping the metal. If Gradient refused to be Cisila, then there was only one thing she could do for this new one. Make sure she had a good life. And that meant embracing that Gradient was the closest thing this girl had to a mother. "I want you to understand something, Cisila." Gradient said, sliding her thumb across Cisila's cheek. She looked nervous, her eyes glued to Gradient's. They each had the same colour for their eyes. SOLARdawn had really gone the extra mile.

Gradient sighed again, and finally said something she'd thought she would never, ever say. \
*"You're my little girl. And I will never, ever let them take you away again."* she whispered, sincerely.

# 6
# Dead by Dawn
## 00:31, MST, Máneá Standard Time
### September 22nd, 2076
#### Amadnésam, 'The Triangle', Máneá
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### HEART Emergency Response Squad

Gradient's eye snapped open as she felt the presence of someone standing over her, the tarp having been lifted. Her first thought was to go for her pistol, but as she tried to pull it out of its holster, she felt Cisila in her arms. Freezing up, all Gradient could do was stare at the figure that had lifted the tarp up, silhouetted by the dark sky and the rain behind them. *"It's me."* A familiar voice hissed, crouching down. "What- *Kellien?"* Gradient whispered, as Kellien looked behind himself. "You need to move." He replied simply, glancing at her. "They're searching for her." Gradient looked down at the little Cisila in her arms, and then back up at Kellien. SOLARdawn was already onto them? How? Kellien pulled down his personal set of night vision goggles, which Gradient heard whirr as they turned on. "I can take her, they're looking for you *and* her." He explained, holding his hands out quickly. He was wearing nearly pitch black fatigues, along with the rest of his gear, which made him nearly invisible in the dark. "What-" Gradient sputtered, pulling Cisila closer to her. "She's still asleep. How do you think a *kid's* going to react when they fall asleep in someone's arms, and then wake up in *someone else's?*" She didn't want to just *give* Kellien the girl, even if he knew what he was doing. She was too attached already. Kellien shook his head and sighed, frowning, but Gradient couldn't see it in the darkness. "Then wake her up and explain it if you gotta. They're using HDEATH, Gradient." His words immediately snapped Gradient into attention. *HDEATH?* She thought. The Hammerhead armor platform used by mechanics and soldiers? They had brought giant mechanical *death suits* to get her? They had to be serious. SOLARdawn wanted Cisila, and they wanted her badly. Maybe it *was* best to give Kellien the girl, but...she didn't want to leave her for that long. Gently nudging Cisila with her elbow, Gradient got her to wake up. The six year old grumbled a bit and rubbed her eyes, looking up at Gradient. "Cisila...the..." Gradient started to say, before pursing her lips. *How* was she to explain what was going on to her? "I...need you to do something for me." She finally said, pulling Cisila up so she was sitting, facing Kellien. The little girl flinched as she saw Kellien, a rather menacing silhouette. "Who-" She sputtered, sliding back. "It's my friend." Gradient said reassuringly, putting her hands on Cisila's shoulders. "I know he looks kind of scary, but you need to go with him so the- *bad people* you used to be with can't find you." Cisila looked back at her, her visible eye reflecting what little light there was. "Okay..." she whispered, rather quick on the uptake. "What-...what about- you?" She asked quietly. "I have to find my own way back. They're going to be looking for me, aswell." Gradient replied, and Cisila looked rather distraught at the idea of Gradient disappearing. "I know what I'm doing." Gradient said, squeezing Cisila's shoulders gently. Kellien nodded, "She knows her stuff, kid." He said, reaching out again. Gradient gave Cisila a little nudge, and the girl slid off of Gradient's laps and towards Kellien. "What's your name?" He asked as he lifted Cisila up and pulled the hood of her raincloak back over her head. "Cisila!" The little girl replied, letting herself be carried. Gradient pulled the hood of her own raincloak back on and got up, getting out from the propped-up tarp. "We're going to take the long way around." Kellien said, raising his voice over the rain that was now pelting down on them. "You try and shake the HDEATH yourself, and hopefully they'll lose track of us." He said, pulling out a grapple gun and shooting the hook into the edge of the rooftop. \
"Try not to hurt her." Gradient said against the rain as she approached the opposing side of the building, where she could see lights moving in the streets. HDEATH. "If you do, I'll hurt *you.*" Kellien must have interpreted it as a joke, as she heard him snort, but Gradient wasn't joking.

Dropping down the edge of the building and into the dark, wet alleyway, Gradient got as low to the ground as she could without crawling, and crouch-ran to the edge of the alleyway, looking out onto the street. The cobble road was wet, down the street, large floodlights attached to the bulky, mechanical HDEATH suits filled the street with a searing white light, letting the HDEATH units see everything in their path. Gradient could hear a pair of them having a conversation, and she backed up behind a simple trash can in the alleyway as her only hiding place... \
*"So, why the hell are we looking for a child?"* One of them grumbled, through the buzzing speakers of the HDEATH suit. It sounded like their voice was reverbrating off of metal. *"Actually, why the hell did the research division even HAVE a child?"* They asked. *"Dude. Keep your voice down."* The second one said, *"If anyone except me hears you complaining, you're gonna disappear like...that."* He said, snapping the metal fingers of the HDEATH together with a loud *CLANG.* The heavy metal footsteps of the HDEATH suits drew closer as the conversation continued. *"I mean...yeah, but I wish they'd just tell us something. Anything."* The first said, in a lower tone. *"Polaris isn't gonna be happy about this, though. We haven't had a breach like this on Luniks before."* The pair paused, and something made a deep *thunk* and a rattle. Gradient flinched. Some kind of heavy weapon? *"Someone intentionally breaks in and steals something?"* The second one grumbled. *"Yeah. That's a first. And then calling us in? Whatever that kid means to the research division, it must be important."* The lights drew ever closer to the alleyway as the pair of metal HDEATH suits stomped past, their footsteps reverbrating through the street. It was terrifying. The HDEATH platform was something Gradient couldn't fight, something that her blade couldn't cut through. To HEART, the suits were nearly impenetrable, despite their manufacturer being Hammerhead, the same company HEART was formed under. The HDEATH platform was too diverse for Hammerhead to supply HEART with a way to fight back against it, and had simply told the squad *'Just don't get caught.'* when asked about what to do against them. Unfortunately, that was the only thing Gradient could do here. Avoid contact at all costs, and slip through the gaps. *"Hang on..."* The first HDEATH unit said, coming to a halt for a second time, now past the alleyway. *"Motion sensor just picked up something."* They muttered, looking back at the alleyway. Gradient felt her stomach twist as the visor of the HDEATH stared into the alleyway, the operator of the suit unable to be seen beneath it. *Shit. Shit. Shit!* Gradient thought, looking for a path to escape. Behind her, there was the alleyway which led out onto another street. But this alleyway was large, and the HDEATH units could easily navigate through it. But it was her only option, assuming she didn't want to go back up onto the rooftops and accidentally lead the units towards Kellien and Cisila. *"Movement type?"* The second one asked, turning around with a couple of stomps. *"Human. Seems to be hiding."* The first one replied, and Gradient heard the *thunk* of the heavy weapon again. *"Approach slowly."* The second one said, his tone switching to an almost robotic-like cadence. Then, Gradient barely saw the two HDEATH suits carefully stomp towards the alleyway, the footsteps getting louder and clearer, with the whirring of the suit's servos mixed in. *"Hiding behind that trash can. Warning shot."* The second one continued, pointing a large metal finger at the trash can. The first HDEATH unit heaved up the heavy weapon, and Gradient realized what it was. *A fucking chain-gun?!* Her mind hissed, her eye going wide. A modern chain-gun didn't use traditional bullets, but rather used a plasma system that allowed the weapon to have near-infinite firepower. When the HDEATH unit fired, the plasma would burn straight through the trash can. If there was a time to run, it was *now.* \
Gradient leaped backwards and got back onto her feet as fast as she could, slipping through a puddle before breaking into a sprint. *"Shit- target acquired. Going down Little Praha, Hlavní Street- might be who we're looking for! Units A3, A4, converge. Repeat, A3 and A4 converge on Hlavní Street."* The man in the HDEATH suit talked fast, almost sounding like he'd be a stunning auctioneer. But the fact that he was *so* fast gave Gradient no time to slow down. A plasma bolt from the chaingun whizzed past her head, barely missing. More HDEATH suits would be on the street, and as she hurtled out onto Hlavní Street, Gradient was immediately blinded by the large floodlights strapped to the shoulders of HDEATH suits, shining down on either side of the street. The heavy footsteps of the first two echoed behind her, bouncing off of the walls of the alleyway. *"Stop and put your hands up."* One of the other HDEATH units said, quickly approaching Gradient before she took off again, ducking around the bulky metal suit. *"Shit-"* The unit sputtered, turning around as fast as the suit would allow him. 

Diving past the suit, Gradient pulled out her pistol, firing off shots behind her as she rain, the muzzle flashing through the rain. None of the bullets hit anything, but she just had to do something, *anything* to distract them. And it seemed to have worked. The muzzle flash hid her as she ducked into another alleyway, shoved the pistol back into its holster and turned on her radio. "They found me-" She hissed, leaping up on top of a dumpster and pulling herself onto the fire escape of an apartment. *"Yeah. I can see. They're all converging on you."* Elias replied through her radio, his voice crunchy and compressed. *"I can do a temporary shut-down of their systems from here to give you some free time, but it'll only give you about five seconds."* Five seconds was enough, she thought as she climbed up onto the roof. "Do it." She said, wiping her face of the rain that continued to pour down hard. *"Shut-down's active. Hope it actually works-..."* Elias worried over the radio. Gradient sprinted across the rooftop, and using all of the momentum she gained, went into a hefty jump across the gap between this building and the next one over, straight across the street. *"Shit!"* Kellien suddenly said, breathing heavily through his microphone. *"Kellien?!"* Elias hissed, *"Kellien- what's going on?"* Gradient landed on the next roof and continued to sprint, looking behind her. The large floodlights from the HDEATH suits were still in the street below, looking for her. *"There's another squad. They're on Lisia Street."* Kellien replied, whispering. *"I've still got the girl, but now I can't get into the Bunker without being seen. We need a change of plan."* Gradient kicked her heel into the roof and slid to a stop, flicking a switch on her radio. "Get to my apartment, Kellien." She said, "It shouldn't be that far." Her apartment was where she now lived in Amadnésam, where HEART was currently operating out of. It was owned and paid for by Hammerhead, as were several other apartments either used for team members or hideouts in case of emergency. HEART had spread its wings throughout the city, giving Gradient and the rest of the HEART crew an easier way out of situations such as this. *"Got it."* Kellien whispered, before the distinct click of him disconnecting shot through Gradient's ear. *"That means you, too."* Elias said. *"Can't have you getting killed."* Gradient sighed, but nodded. She re-oriented herself and remembered where she was in Amadnésam, and began to parkour across the rooftops, the distance between her and the HDEATH units growing by the minute. Jump, slide, vault, roll...she was running as fast as she could. *"Shit..."* Elias muttered, *"They're way too close for comfort. They're in the alleyway- I can see them on security cameras. How the fuck are they going to explain this to the public?"* He said. "They won't." Gradient replied, sliding under a set of pipes and jumping back up onto her feet. "You bet SOLARSec'll be kicking up city-wide security though. Gonna be harder to move around as a HEART operative." She knew that after not only the attempted murder of a SOLARdawn employee, but the break-in of the SOLARdawn campus and subsequent rescue of Cisila would set off hundreds of alarm bells for every employee, and would only make the higher-ups much more careful. She would *not* be getting back into the SOLARdawn campus any time soon. *"You're right."* Elias sighed, *"First, we've got to figure out what to do with the girl. Then re-consider our options for how to deal with SOLARdawn."* \
*"For now, just...get home."* He mumbled, tired.

-

Pulling open the window to her fifth-story apartment, Gradient climbed through and shut it behind her, before pulling off her rain cloak. It was soaking wet, so she just threw it into the dryer. She'd climbed through the window to her bathroom, where the washing and drying machines were. After the cloak, she pulled off her black combat vest and shoved it into the drawer beneath the dryer, followed by the holstered pistol. Standing up, her boots tip-tapped against the porcelaine tiled floor as she walked to the door and entered the hallway. It was still dark outside, the rain continuing to pound against her windows. Underneath her combat vest, Gradient was wearing her favourite leather jacket, with its uneven zipper, which started from her right shoulder and zipped downwards on a diagonal line. Her pants were baggy, but sturdy and well built, while her boots were the ones she used for HEART missions. She pulled them off as she entered the hallway and wandered out towards the main room. The blinds were closed, the only light currently on was the dim lamp next to the couch that was sat in front of the blank TV. "...Kellien?" Gradient called out as she stepped into the main room, looking around. "Kellien?" She repeated, louder. Footsteps behind her made her perk up and she looked behind herself. Kellien was gently closing the door to Gradient's bedroom, before he turned to look at Gradient. "She's asleep." He said, quietly. All of his military gear was still on. "...I've gotta go." He muttered quickly, making his way past Gradient. Without another word, Kellien left through the front door, closing it behind him. Gradient just watched, concerned. He still seemed to be unsure of his own safety, which was probably why he left so quickly. *But...she's asleep?* Gradient thought, looking at the door to her bedroom. *That's a relief.* The little girl's existence was still...a problem, to say the least, but Gradient knew there were a few things she could do to stop SOLARdawn from tracking and identifying the little Cisila. She'd just have to wait until morning to get them done. Until then, Gradient would take a shower. It felt like she desperately needed one. \
Thirty or so minutes later, Gradient was sitting on the couch eating a bowl of cereal, in some more casual clothes than her jacket and the baggy pants. Simple jeans and a t-shirt. Her carbon-fibre black cybernetic arms were on full display as she quietly ate the cereal, while her hair was wet and messy from the shower. Her eye was focused on the TV which was displaying the news, the light from it flooding through the dark room. It was an emergency broadcast from Amadnésam City News, and the news anchor was talking about the "threat". Gradient. The anchor droned on, and on... *"...in the following hours, SOLARSec has not been able to identify the suspect, and additionally has not commented on what was stolen. It's no city-wide emergency, but SOLARSec chief Liam Dehkas urges people to stay inside during the night- as if most of us weren't already doing that due to the heavy rain. SOLARSec's parent company, SOLARdawn, reported the break-in only a few hours ago, at about 20:30, MST. The suspect murdered about a dozen SOLARSec officers in the Amadnésam SOLARdawn campus, and got away with whatever they stole- whether it be data, parts, or something else is, once more, unknown. Now, the Amadnésam Metro company states..."* It was weird hearing her own escapades repeated back to her by someone who had no idea what was really going on. The man didn't even have any information that it was a *girl* that Gradient rescued. Or that it was a rescue. Nobody knew or even understood what was going on beneath the surface of SOLARdawn, and it seemed the company wanted to keep it that way. Murder this, hide that, change the documents here, and cover that up there. Gradient already knew some of what they were doing, such as the remnants of the ADAM Project from PALMER-EDEN...some people in this world were cyborgs, and they didn't even know it. ADAM-001 was the one she'd met in the correctional facility in Zakh'hafo only a year or so ago, and ever since, Gradient had been hellbent on finding more out about SOLARdawn and its associates. The little Cisila was only more confirmation for Gradient, aswell as the other project files she'd read in the SOLARdawn archiving room. HEART *wasn't* for taking down SOLARdawn, but it just so happened that the company had harmed so many people that HEART's motivations fit perfectly. Otherwise, Gradient wouldn't have stayed. And that would have made everything a hundred times harder. \
She put the bowl down on the wooden table in front of her and leaned back into the couch, flexing her fingers, before sighing deeply. Tomorrow, she'd take a break. Working around the clock had been bad for her, and with a six-year-old to watch, Gradient couldn't risk anything. Maybe she'd even take the little Cisila out for a walk, and show her what she'd missed; thankfully, she was young enough that being locked up in the SOLARdawn Amadnésam campus wouldn't mess up most of her development. Gradient *thought* so, at least.
