# 1
## CODE VIOLATION
### 09:01, IST (Illinois Standard Time)
### Country of Illinois, Capital City of Chicago
### AUGUST 2ND, 2073
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### POSITION: SPECIAL OPERATIONS & COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AGENT
#### J-LEVEL SECURITY CLEARANCE

*"This is a serious violation of P.E policies. You've got one job: Kill him."* \
That was it. That was all Martin had told her. And for all intents and purposes, it was the only thing she needed to know. There was no reason to understand why. There was no reason not to act when the entire dusty and crumbling city of Chicago was alarmed by the man. *"How?"* She had asked. Martin just stared into her eye, the only eye she still had. *"However necessary."* was his response. Gradient had decided to take that as far as it would go. As she sprinted down an empty street in Chicago, the bright sun blazing down upon her. Splayed across the streets, metal frames of decades old cars lay. Keeping a tight grip on her sheathed blade, attached to her combat belt, Gradient fastened the hooded cloak that only covered her upper chest and arms. The hood was down. Her medium-length tangled mess of brown hair was catching sand particles. Gradient's black metal arms, with a hint of dusty gold, glinted in the sunlight. Her solitary eye was coloured like wine, while the other had been replaced by a boxy metal apparatus. Each step she took down the street, sprinting closer and closer to where the target was believed to be, the sand below her kicked up behind her. *"Target's oscar mike."* A voice suddenly reported directly into her ear. Her radio had sputtered to life and the earpiece in her ear made her eye flinch as she sped up. "Where?" Gradient asked blankly, watching the street ahead of her. There was an intersection coming up, where garbage and ruins lay. One turn was completely blocked by a collapsed building. *"East."* The voice reported. Kellien, her brand-new squadmate. The connection sputtered a bit as Kellien continued on, the audio crackling. *"It looks like he's heading towards gang territory. Smart."* Kellien remarked. East was straight ahead, Gradient remembered. Her eye narrowed and she sped up, kicking plumes of sand into the air harder. "He's not going to get there." Gradient replied, emotionless. *"He's way ahead of you. He got the head start a couple of hours ago."* Kellien muttered. *"I don't know if you can catch him. Palmer's sending you in because nobody else could get to him, so I guess you must have some kind of merit."* Gradient rolled her eye and continued to sprint down the street, watching ahead of her. There seemed to have been a poorly made wall blocking the street further down. Gang territory. Where the target was going. *"Ah, shit."* Kellien hissed, and through the poor transmission of the radio, she heard the distinct *clicking* of Kellien adjusting his sniper rifle. *"I just lost him. He went into gang territory, and immediately dropped into the sewers. If we're not careful, he's going to get into the Underground."* The Underground was PALMER-EDEN's proudest achievement. An entire sustainable city underneath a dying one, stretching for miles. If their target got back down, they would never be able to find him. And that meant Martin Palmer would be disappointed. Gradient could *not* afford for that to happen, not since the last time it happened. \
"The sewer systems?" Gradient repeated, looking down at the street. "I might be able to avoid the gang territory, if that's the case..." and with that, Gradient kicked her heel into the road and slowly slid to a stop, her boots scraping against the cracking tarmac. She had stopped just near a manhole, and without a second thought, Gradient rushed over to it and pried it open with her metal hands, lifting it of its place and dropped it on the road. It landed with a *thunk*, sending some sand into the air, and wobbled for a moment before settling to a stop. "Going down. You're about to lose visual." Gradient reported before dropping down into the manhole, the ancient ladder creaking as she slid down it. It would probably easily break if she put enough force on it. \
Landing in the sewer, she was mildly surprised to feel her feet touch water. The surface sewage had been rerouted to the underground, and now these specific tunnels had no purpose. Usually, they were used for gangs, or in this case, runaways. The tunnel was large, and most sounds bounced off of the walls dozens of times before fading away. Gradient twisted a dial on her radio, and reported, "Tunnel's dark. Pulling out the NVGs." And she pulled a set of bulky night vision goggles off of her toolbelt and pulled them over her head, fastening the straps. She flicked on the device and the goggles flared to life with a high-pitched *whirr,* which continued getting higher and higher until it faded out. As the goggles turned on, she was blinded for a moment by them before they adjusted to the light around them with their distinct green colours. *"Keep moving. Sierra's caught a glimpse of him through SATNAV. He's...he's heading back?"* Kellien reported, sounding mildly confused. *"He's heading directly to your position. I- I don't...just- just get him. I don't know what he's doing."* Gradient let go of her sheathed blade and instead pulled her large, bulky pistol out of its holster. Racking the slide and letting it snap forward, Gradient raised it and began to walk forward, the sights of the pistol trained down the tunnel, watching for the man. Her footsteps in the water echoed off the walls. After what felt like a few minutes of carefully walking forward, Gradient saw nothing. "There's nobody here..." She said, blankly, her voice bouncing off the circular tunnel. *"What?"* Kellien said, even more confused. *"I- he- Sierra, what the hell's going on?"* He said, presumably turning to Gradient's other squadmate: Sierra. *"I don't know."* She responded, sounding exasperated. *"He should've just passed Gradient now. I know this isn't the SATNAV's best use, but it hasn't just- given us a wrong tracking before. Is there really nobody there?!"* Gradient looked up, expecting to see something on the ceiling. And then she turned around. Through the green night vision, she saw nothing. Just the dark, grimy sewer tunnel that she had already been wading through. "No. There's...there's nobody." Gradient muttered. And for the first time in a while, she felt an emotion. Confusion. *"Shit."* Kellien sputtered. *"Shit- I don't know what they did, but I think it was a misdirect. We can't track him anymore. Gradient, he's got to be in the sewers still. Keep moving forward, and...and just- get him. Palmer says that data is extremely sensitive."* He sounded more and more panicked with every word. Gradient immediately holstered her pistol and broke into a sprint, pushing her legs as hard as they would let her. Without a signal to track, Gradient would have to try every turn. Every crevice. *Anything* to find this man. As she continued, she turned around a bend and saw light flooding in, peaking the NVG's sensors and blanking out their lenses. This had to be where he had gone. Gradient rushed towards the opening and lifted the goggles off of her head, fastening them onto her toolbelt. Sunlight spilled into the tunnel from the open manhole above her, and just as she grabbed hold of the ladder and began to climb up, the distinct noise of thick metal scraping against tarmac filled her ears. "What the..." She hissed, staring up. Someone shoved the manhole cover back into place and it landed with a *thunk.* \
"Kellien, the-" Gradient began to say, but she suddenly felt the barrel of a pistol touch the back of her head. Immediately, she closed her mouth and let go of the ladder. Her expression went blank, emotionless. "Stop chasing him." The person behind her said calmly. "You don't know what's in those SSDs he stole, do you?" They asked. "Or those datacards." Gradient didn't respond, and slowly lowered her arms to her sides, her left slowly grasping the sheathe of her blade. But it seemed the mystery person noticed, and pushed the barrel harder against the back of her head. "*Don't* try anything." They hissed. "I want to ask you a question before I leave. But you have to confirm whether or not you'll stop chasing him." They continued, the barrel straying from the back of her head. "*What* do you want?" Gradient snapped, turning her head to look back. The figure behind her, strangely, was wearing a rather nice suit that was in all black. Their dress shoes were submerged in the shallow sewer water, but it didn't seem like they cared. They had sleek, black gloves on, and the pistol they were using looked to be surprisingly bright and silver, as opposed to the rest of their outfit. Their black hair wrapped around their neck and strayed outwards. And even more strangely, they were wearing *sunglasses.* Who the hell wore sunglasses in the dark? In addition to this, Gradient could see how pale they were, despite the shadows and inky black pressing in on them. Frowning, she waited for an answer. "Answer me first." The person repeated. Gradient immediately snapped back, "I have no *reason* not to continue my chase. My entire life would be a waste if I just said, 'Well, guess I'll stop'!" The mysterious figure tilted their head to the side and sighed, pushing their sunglasses further up the bridge of their nose. "You don't *have* a life. You and your existence is a lie." They muttered, lowering the pistol. "But I see how it is. You're refusing to give up the pursuit for the sake of PALMER-EDEN." They took a step back and slid the pistol back into their suit's jacket. Gradient turned around and wrapped her hand around the grip of her blade, and began to unsheathe it. *What* did they mean she didn't have a life? Her life *was* PALMER-EDEN, and it certainly wasn't a lie. Her entire life had been to protect and serve. Despite Gradient's threatening blade, the suited figure remained seemingly calm. "I'll just tell you two things." They said, pulling something else out from their suit. It looked like a small card of cardstock. "One." They began, holding the card out. "Hammerhead is seeking you out." Gradient looked down at the card, and realized what it was. A *business* card? There was writing on it that she couldn't quite make out, and she impulsively sheathed her blade and reached for it. "Two..." The figure continued, letting Gradient take the card. They slowly lowered their arm. "Your life, as you know it, is an extreme manipulation and abuse of who you were." They took a few more steps back. \
"...What?" Gradient sputtered, looking up from the business card.

But the mysterious suited figure was gone. And Gradient couldn't quite tell if they were a man or a woman.

*"...Gradient, what the fuck was that?"* Kellien asked, after a brief moment of silence. "I...I don't know." Gradient replied, staring at the business card in her hand. Who in this day and age, in this ruined city...used a business card? What on *Earth* was Hammerhead? Was this all some kind of sick joke? To get her to pause her pursuit? "I..." She felt her stomach twist, unsure of what to say next. Looking up at where the suited person had been, she felt herself frown, and her brow furrowed. For the first time in her life, Gradient was conflicted. A part of her wanted to know what was in those SSDs, and the datacards that the man had stolen. That same part of her needed to know what the figure had meant by saying that she didn't have a life. That her life was a "manipulation" of what she once was? She had never been anybody else. That was ridiculous. Had they been trying to imply that she had lost her memories, or some other sort of thing? It was false, and she was aware of it. Gradient remembered her upbringing. Her parents. It was all real, and what the suited figure was saying was lies. Manipulation. "It's nothing. Where did the target go?" She finally said, after deliberating on it. Shoving the card into a pouch, Gradient almost immediately forgot it was there, and turned back to the mission. *"He's back on the street. I couldn't get a shot in, but I saw him close a manhole."* Gradient hopped back onto the ladder and began pulling herself up to the cover. Each step she advanced was followed by clanging as her boots hit the metal of the ladder. Heaving herself to the top, Gradient shoved the manhole cover off of the opening and climbed up, back out onto the street. And immediately...she saw the target sprinting down the street. "Got a visual." She hissed, and immediately took off, sending a plume of sand up as she rocketed forwards. Gradient became laser focused on catching the man, on tearing him apart. She was focused on what she had to do. This man had committed a crime. This man would *die* for stealing such important data from PALMER-EDEN. Limb from limb, he would pay for what he'd done. As the man tried to sprint faster, Gradient got closer and closer, her relentless training leaving no room for breaks. "Get *back* here!" She screamed at the man, unsheathing her blade. He looked back at her, bewildered that she had somehow caught up to him. Closer, and closer, and *closer.* Gradient swung her blade up into the air to bring up down upon the man, but as she tried to, the deafening echo of a large rifle filled her ears and she felt a large bullet whizz right past her face, almost singing her skin. "What the...!?" She sputtered, stumbling. *"Bingo."* Sierra chuckled over the radio. \
The man slammed into the dry, crackling concrete, the bullet piercing his back, tearing through his heart and subsequently his left lung, barrelling out of his chest. Gradient slid to a stop, her boots scraping against the tarmac. "You fucking *stole* my kill." Gradient muttered into her radio. *"Yeah? So?"* Sierra replied. *"Palmer said he didn't give a damn who gets him."* That wasn't true. Martin was expecting Gradient to do it. He always did, and that simple fact made Sierra's kill that much more irritating. *Sierra* was irritating. *"Alright, ladies, let's not."* Kellien butted in, already sounding tired of the two. *"Gradient, get the SSDs and the datacards off his person, and then loop back around to the Tower. I've already informed Palmer that the target's down. We just need to wait for his response."* Gradient grumbled to herself and approached the lifeless corpse, crouching next to it. The question of *why* was still floating around in her head, though the answer *'you don't need to know'* was pushing it away. The stranger in the suit made it feel like she was conflicted. Gradient was never conflicted, but as she pulled the six SSDs and the three datacards out from the man's satchel, Gradient stared at them. Her eye focused in on them, examining them. The SSDs were thin rectangles, while the datacards were larger and in a square shape, their corners rounded. A disc hole was stamped in the middle of the square, which allowed the datacards to be loaded into machines. The question filled her mind more and more, before an idea popped into her head. What if she just...took one? Pretended that it was completely missing? Nobody would notice, surely, and Gradient would find a way to look at what was inside. Just a peek, out of curiosity. It had to be important for a reason. "Alright." She finally said, standing up. She slid the majority of the SSDs into one of the pouches strapped to her toolbelt, aswell as the three datacards. But one of the SSDs, she instead moved to one of the ammo pouches, hidden behind one of her pistol magazines. "I've got them all. How many were there?" She asked, about to begin the lie. Kellien took a moment to respond, going over the information. *"Uh..."* He muttered over the radio. *"Six SSDs, three P.E datacards. Why?"* Gradient felt her eye twitch, the muscles around it briefly flinching. Her tic. "There's only five SSDs." She replied. *"Oh."* Kellien muttered, almost sounding nervous. Perhaps nervous to tell Palmer about this? If he *was* nervous, however, he was good at hiding it. *"That's...fine. He doesn't need to know. They can't all be important."* Gradient realised that he was probably right. Not all of them could be the important data...what if the one she'd hid was just data she already knew? *"Alright, I've got a message back. He says..."* Kellien sighed, his rasp reaching through. *"Just head back to the Tower. He told you to get some rest, and to hand over the SSDs and datacards to us."* That was odd. Did he not want to see Gradient? Had she done something wrong? Was it Sierra's fault? Her eye twitched again and she flexed her fingers, looking around the deserted, destroyed street. "...Right." She replied, attempting to mask her disappointment. Gradient felt a confusing amalgamation of emotions she wasn't used to. Annoyance. Anger. Anxiety. She wasn't used to having so many at once, and as she turned back towards the way she came, a headache began to spread across her mind. Once more, her eye twitched, and she lifted a hand to the side of her head, pressing her cold metal fingers against her temple. *Stop it.* Gradient urged to her brain. *Stop hurting.* \
But it wouldn't. Dejected, and annoyed, Gradient began the long walk back to the looming PALMER-EDEN Tower. Maybe she *did* need a rest.

-

It had now been half a day since Sierra had taken down the target, and Gradient was standing at the glass wall of her cold, dark and gloomy quarters. The walls were white, and the shining floor was a soft black. All the furniture, even her bed, were like the walls. Drab, soulless white. The chairs, the table, even the kitchen appliances. They all served their purpose, however, and Gradient didn't particularly *need* colour. There was enough of it outside, as she noticed, staring down at the crumbling, ghostly Chicago. The neon lights from the various districts shone up along the taller buildings, akin to beacons, showing where each alive district was. But there were pockets of darkness, gaps where people no longer lived. Graveyards, abandoned projects, and homes for the monsters the apocalypse had created. The city stretched far, but at a certain point, it ended, and the wasteland began. Past the borders of the city, Gradient didn't know anything. But there was something she hadn't seen before, far, far away. A pinprick of light. A bright one. Was it moving, or was it staying still? She watched it for a little bit, squinting. It looked like it was moving, but how fast or where it was going, Gradient couldn't tell. The shadows the moon was casting tonight splayed onto Gradient, and past her onto the wall. The sky was clear, and the stars...they were bright. Gradient could see her reflection in the window. The tired, gaunt and pale woman she was. Her chest rose and fell slowly as she breathed. Her eye stared into its own reflection, before she glanced at the apparatus replacing her right eye through the ghostly reflection. Gradient had never gotten used to it, and she always thought it looked odd. There was no reason for it to even be there, she remembered, raising her hand to the apparatus, gently touching it, feeling the firm, gunmetal black steel. Gradient had had both of her eyes throughout her childhood, and she couldn't remember there being a single reason to remove her right eye. No infection, no injury, nothing. She'd never asked Palmer, but the question, just like the others she was beginning to get, lingered in her mind. Unlike her eye, there had been a reason to replace her arms. From the shoulder down, for a brief moment, she had lost her arms completely, and there was no way to get them back. These new, more advanced cybernetic arms, had been their replacements. Lowering her hand from the apparatus, she let it drop back to her side. Tonight, Gradient had picked her favourite casual outfit: The black leather jacket with its zipper offset to her right, and the collar wrapping around her neck. A set of rather baggy gray pants, aswell as some sturdy boots. It was her only real personal thing, her only outfit other than the clothes she slept in and her special ops gear. Gradient leaned into the window, her forehead pressing against the cold pane. Yesterday, she felt normal, energized, and almost *excited* to do more things. It was like a switch flipped in her mind, and was stuck where it was. She was tired, angry, and nervous. The combinations of events from the morning had somehow completely ruining her, despite being brief. The chase, the stranger in the suit, Sierra stealing the kill, and then Gradient's own theft of the SSD. And then the questions floating around in her head, blocking out every other thought. *Who* was the suited stranger? *What* had the man stolen, and why? They continued to build up, piling onto her mind. \
Gradient sighed deeply, and thumped her fist against the window. *I want it to stop.* She thought, hitting the window again. *What did I do wrong? I don't want questions.* Why had she taken the SSD? It was making her nervous. What if Palmer figured out what she'd done? What if- but her next thought got cut off as someone aggressively knocked on the door to her quarters, the door shuddering in its frame. Gradient flinched, and whipped around towards the door. Her hand immediately went to the SSD lying on the table that was standing next to her, and she slid the small, rectangular storage device into the pocket of her leather jacket before walking over to the door. Gently putting her hand on the door knob, she pulled it open. And to her disappointment, Sierra was standing in front of her. "Hey." She said, smiling. Gradient just blankly stared at her. Her skin was mostly synthetic, with lines sliced through her face, sections of it that looked like it could split apart. Her eyes were nightmarishly purple and piercing, and even here, they seemed to be quivering in their sockets, laser-focused on Gradient. Her hair was short, but messy, strands falling down in front of her face. She was wearing a simple combination of a rain coat, and baggy jeans. Gradient's eye twitched, and she let go of the door knob. She already felt irritated. "*What* do you want?" she asked, as calmly as she could. "I just need to talk to you for a moment." Sierra replied, sidling past Gradient. Gradient turned her head to follow Sierra's movements, and shoved the door back into place. It shut with a *thunk.* "About?" Gradient asked, turning around to face Sierra. "The stuff the target stole." Sierra said, leaning against one of the walls. Gradient felt her heart jump in her chest, and her eye twitched again. Sierra watched Gradient carefully, her purple eyes seemingly scanning her face for a reaction. And she got one. "There were supposed to be six SSDs missing." Sierra began, tilting her head to the side. Her voice sounded silky and pleasant, but there was an undertone of smugness and buried anger, like a volcano ready to erupt. Did she know? "But there were five, and you reported that. Where did that one go?" She asked, her eyes narrowing. "I don't know what you're talking about." Gradient asserted, beginning to pace around the room, keeping her eye on Sierra. "How am I supposed to know where one went?" She began to say, pushing back against Sierra. Another question landed on the already heavy pile in her mind. *Why* was Sierra asking? Was she here for Palmer? Had he figured it out? \
"Right." Sierra said, standing up and walking towards the large wall of glass in Gradient's quarters. "Palmer just wanted to know..." She whispered, looking back at Gradient. "...*Why* the sixth SSD was detected in your vest as you entered the Tower." *Shit.* She'd forgotten about the full-body security scan as she entered the Tower. Surprise momentarily took over her face before Gradient reeled it back in, shaking her head. The corner of her lip twitched into a frown, showing her teeth, and her eye twitched at the same time. "You aren't the type to steal things like that. Are you *questioning* him?" Sierra hissed, wheeling around on her heel and approaching Gradient slowly. Each step she took was agonizing. *Everything* had suddenly flipped on its head. Palmer didn't want Gradient to find something out...and that, paired with him sending Sierra, irritated her to no end. "I *just* want to know what's-" Gradient sputtered, but Sierra lunged forward, latched onto Gradient's throat with both of her hands, and slammed her against the drab, white wall. Gradient hit it with a harsh thump, and she felt the weak wall shudder. "I don't think you understand what position you've just put yourself in." Sierra hissed, her fingers tightening around Gradient's windpipe. Gradient choked, and desperately grabbed onto Sierra's arms, trying to pull them away. "*Let...go...*" She gasped weakly, pulling as hard as she could. "You've stolen Palmer property, in an attempt to understand something that you don't need to." Sierra explained blankly, glaring into Gradient's very soul. There was a thin film over her eyes, almost like she wasn't really seeing anything. "You never, *ever* do that. And because you mean *nothing* to Palmer, he ordered me to end you. Here. For trying to figure it out. He can't risk you getting-" Sierra continued, before being abruptly cut off by Gradient slamming her fist into Sierra's face. Her metal fist met Sierra's synthetic skin, almost cracking it. "FUCK!" Sierra screamed, letting go of Gradient's throat. Now free, her mind kicked back into action. Palmer didn't *care* about her? How was that possible? It couldn't be. Sierra must have been...*must have been*...but there was nothing Sierra could believe that wasn't the truth. That wasn't how she functioned. She wouldn't do something if it wasn't correct, or directly from Palmer. Gradient was in the wrong. Her questions had made Palmer turn against her, even though he hadn't even heard them yet. Unless, somehow, he already knew them. But before she could think on that thought more, Sierra lunged at her again, and she barely leaped out of the way, sliding across the floor and hitting the table. She jumped up just in time to see Sierra rush at her again, her eyes glued to Gradient. There was only one thing she could do here... \
Side-stepping Sierra as she tried to lunge again, Gradient latched onto her and slammed her against the glass, cracking the window. "What are you...doing...?!" Sierra hissed, trying to break free. "Please tell me you're not doing what Martin told you to." Gradient said desperately. "You're lying. You have to be." Sierra stared at her for a moment, "He knew you wouldn't be convinced." She muttered, pulling something out from her own coat. It looked like a hockey puck. A PALMER-EDEN recording device. She shoved it into Gradient's hands and shoved her back. Gradient immediately retaliated by throwing the device down and springing back at Sierra, crashing into her, and subsequently, straight through the window with a deafening crashing noise as the glass shattered. The harsh wind and the cold air of the night immediately hit the two, the feeling of the cold rushing up Gradient's spine. *"What-"* Sierra gasped, eyes wide, the rest of her words disappearing into the wind as the two flew out of the window. Gradient whipped around in the air and flung out her left arm, a grapple firing out from her wrist and latching onto the ledge where the glass used to be. Sierra continued to fall as Gradient's grapple reeled her back up, and she pulled herself back up. What had she just *done?* Gradient looked back down at the plummeting Sierra, who still had hundreds of meters to fall. She was completely and utterly dead as soon as she hit the ground. But *she* was going to kill Gradient. However, Gradient refused to believe her. It couldn't have been Martin Palmer...he wouldn't want to kill her for just asking questions. Gradient silently hoped that the device held something to prove her point as she picked it up off the floor, and turned it on.

# 2
## PROJECT FAILURE
### 22:20, IST (Illinois Standard Time)
### Country of Illinois, Capital City of Chicago
### AUGUST 2ND, 2073
#### CODENAME: GRADIENT
#### POSITION: SPECIAL OPERATIONS & COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AGENT
#### J-LEVEL SECURITY CLEARANCE

The holographic recording device flickered to life as Gradient flicked its switch, filling the room with an aqua green-blue colour from the holographic image of Martin Palmer. He looked the same as he ever did, his curly, messy hair and his thin glasses. The stubble on his chin, and his gaunt face. *"Alright."* He began, his voice tired and raspy. *"I'll keep this simple. I understand what you're trying to do, and I am simply here to say that you will never find out what's in that SSD. You've got questions, and there are no answers for them, Gradient. For you, at least"* He explained, shifting his glasses in the recording. Gradient's face began to fall. *"I can't let you do this, and I certainly can't let you leave now that you know. I anticipate that Sierra..."* He paused, looking off camera, *"...I anticipate that Sierra is either going to be injured, or won't survive her encounter with you. I sent her because we can rebuild her, again and again. But you...we can't do that with you. And unfortunately, we've put a lot of work into you, so I'm not quite sure we can kill you...yet."* The emphasis on the word *'yet'* made Gradient's eye twitch. *"As soon as this recording finishes, every guard on that level is coming for you. Do not even try to resist. You won't win, and I'll do whatever is necessary to ensure you won't have questions again."* He sounded different. He sounded almost enraged, the undertones in his voice were frustrated. *"You are a failure, and I cannot allow you to walk the Earth like this any more. Recording end."* And as soon as the last word left Palmer's mouth, the puck shut off, the hologram and its light blinking out of existence. Gradient slowly looked up. Every guard on the level...*every* guard? She immediately dropped the puck and ran over to the trunk sat in front of her bed, pulling it open. Her blade, pistol, and some extra ammunition were stored inside and she pulled them out and strapped the sheathe to her belt, followed by her drop-leg holster. She had to run. Palmer was going to kill her, or worse. Much, much worse. Where could she even go? The Tower reached below the ground, stretching into the Underground, the mega-city constructed by PALMER-EDEN to house America's remaining population. Gradient couldn't get down there without an elevator, but there *was* a gigantic shaft that ran through the tower, all the way to the top. It was big enough to allow for small aircraft to travel across the expanse, and Gradient knew certain individuals skydived down it. If she could just find a parachute...but Gradient flinched as she heard the door knock again. *"Open up."* Said the distorted, robotic voice of a PALMERsec guard. *"You have ten seconds before we enter and detain you."* The guard added, before knocking again. *"OPEN. UP."* They repeated, louder. No. Gradient shook her head to herself, shutting her eye. This was it. She was a failure, and she was about to commit several more crimes against Palmer...but now she was fueled. Fueled by the confusion and the anger at Palmer. *Why* did he not want these questions answered? Why would he resort to the entire PALMERsec force to detain Gradient? If there was something he did not want her to know, it was serious, and she needed to find out what. Was it what the mysterious suited stranger had said? Was her life really a lie, a facade? Was Palmer trying to hide what really happened? \
If that was it, then she needed to know what it was. And to do so, she had to escape. And to escape...Gradient unsheathed her CFI-3 blade with a slick *shing,* and twirled it around. She'd have to tear straight through the entire PALMERsec force on this level. The PALMERsec guard kicked the door open and it flew off of its hinges, slamming into the floor. *"Illinois law, article two, section four-A."* The guard menacingly and blankly stated, stepping onto the fallen door whilst raising his rifle. *"Any attempt of theft or violence against PALMER-EDEN is considered a crime, and the criminal will be put to death."* \
"Then kill me." Gradient replied, simply raising her blade.

The guard pulled the trigger of his rifle, but Gradient was faster. She lunged towards the guard and immediately sliced him in two with her blade, the metal tearing him in two. His upper half slid off from his lower half, blood spewing from the sudden separation. *"What the FUCK?!"* Yelled one of the guards waiting at the door. *"GET H-"* But his order was interrupted by his gargled scream of agony as Gradient tore through him aswell, whipping around and decapitating another. The large, wide hallway was full of PALMERsec soldiers. *"She's out."* One of them reported, *"She's already- Jesus..."* He paused, bewildered. Gradient had immediately begun to tear through the group of soldiers as hard as she could, her arms slicing the CFI-3 blade through as many of them as she could get past. Blood was spattering and spilling everywhere as the guards screamed and barked orders, the ones blocking the left side of the hallway trying to get through the torn corpses. It seemed like the only one who had a rifle was the one who had entered...everybody else was equipped with CFI-2 blades, an inferior model to Gradient's. *"SOMEBODY GET A FUCKING GUN!"* A guard screamed, her vocal chords struggling as Gradient broke through the first wall and into a sprint, now covered in blood. Twirling her blade around and sheathing it, Gradient pulled out her pistol and checked to make sure it was loaded before looking back at the hallway where she had just caused a massacre. Her mind was on autopilot as she rushed along the hallway towards the centre of the level, where she knew the giant shaft awaited her. \
Taking a right, she sprinted down the hallway before coming to intersection, where she skidded to a stop as more PALMERsec guards found her. *"Motherfucker..."* One of them hissed, pulling out his blade. *"She's covered in blood. Why did Palmer give her SPEC_OPS if he knew this was gonna happen?"* Another said, unsheathing their own blade. Gradient swiftly holstered her pistol and stared at the two guards facing her down. "Move. Please." She said, settling her hands on her blade. *"No can do. Palmer wants you dead, and Palmer's word is law."* The first one said, twirling his blade. They were both wearing standard PALMERsec helmets, which shielded their faces from Gradient's view completely. *"Command just told me they're getting SPEC_OPS on the line if we can't stop her."* The second one said to the first, before turning towards Gradient. *"Which means we just gotta stop her, and we get a reward."* They hissed, suddenly lunged forward, propelling the tip of their blade towards Gradient. Gradient slid back, surprised by the second guard's agility. "Jesus...!" She sputtered, bringing her blade up to deflect the swing that suddenly came from the first guard. The blades met with a sharp *clang* before flying apart, sparks jettisoning from the place where they scraped together. *"You're fast..."* The first one muttered, back-stepping to avoid Gradient's next swing, and he followed up with by swinging upwards at Gradient's face. Ducking back as fast as she could, Gradient was now leaning backwards, and she used this to spring forward at the guard and slice straight through him. But the guard was faster. He brought his blade into a swift block and kicked Gradient in the stomach, sending her skidding backwards. *"My turn."* The second one said, flinging herself at Gradient. "Shit-" Gradient hissed, ducking and weaving around the second one's snappy and fast swings. She had good control over the blade, but Gradient knew that she was still above the guard. Relentless months of training and cybernetic enhancements led her to be faster than the average human. She couldn't let herself be taken down by this guard, not here, not now when she was on the cusp of getting her questions answered, of breaking free from her confusion, her anger, and from Palmer. \
Gradient ducked under the second guard's swing and swiftly sliced through her legs. The guard screamed and toppled, her legs having been torn apart. Gradient used some of her energy to cartwheel over the immobilized guard and leaped back onto her feet to meet the first guard, who was in the middle of a swing down at where Gradient previously was. *"What the-"* He sputtered, surprised at Gradient suddenly appearing, but he was unable to get another word out. Gradient drove her sharp, steel blade through the man's chest, pulled it up like a lever through his body and tore through his upper body, splitting him in two vertically. The blade sliced straight through the helmet and split the guard's head in two. He fell to the floor, dead, a thick pool of dark red blood spilling out from his split body. The blood dripped down Gradient's blade, which was now coated in it, and so was Gradient. Flicking the blade outwards, all the blood shot off steel like a bullet and into the floor, spattering across it. Gradient shook her head, and her eye twitched. Was this *really* how she had to get out? She was using all of her energy, but she really had no other choice. As she broke into a sprint down the rest of the hallway, she glanced behind her only to see more PALMERsec soldiers rushing after her as she drew closer to the center of the level, and the shaft. Gradient was sweating, and her breathing got shallower and shallower as she got faster and faster. She could hear more and more footsteps following behind her, PALMERsec shouting orders at each other. They were trying to flank her, to block her off at the next intersection of the hallways. But she wouldn't let that happen. Pulling her pistol out of its holster, Gradient spotted more PALMERsec soldiers appear from the left and right hallways on the upcoming intersection, blocking her path. A wall of white and black armor, and these soldiers...they had firearms. And Gradient didn't have any armor. She flung the pistol up and began pulling the trigger as hard and fast as she could, both of her hands gripping the pistol. Each shot flung the pistol back in her hands, the recoil strong, the slide snapping back and the bullet casing flying out and clattering to the floor. Most of her desperate shots didn't hit, but when they did, they weren't anywhere she needed them to hit. "Fuck!" She grunted, about to shove the pistol back into her holster, when the soldiers began to open fire. Her eye opened wide as everything seemed to slow down, as she suddenly felt like her entire body was stuck in thick sludge, unable to move. *What* the hell was happening? Gradient could only watch as the first bullet hit her in her abdomen, and the pain shot through her. As it did, everything sped back up, and Gradient desperately dropped her pistol and instead unsheathed her blade to deflect the bullets heading towards her. Most didn't hit her anyways, and the ones she did deflect bounced off the walls. The sounds of the rifles were echoing off of the walls, a cacophony of bullet casings and deafening bangs. Lunging forward as hard as she could, fighting against the pain, Gradient sliced through a trio of the soldiers and made a crack in the wall of PALMERsec, breaking through to the other side, and closer to the shaft in the middle of the tower. *"She's injured. She's not going to make it much further."* She heard one of the soldiers say as they, for some reason, stopped firing. *"...Yes, sir."* The soldier said, simply watching Gradient run.

-

The last few minutes of her run towards the centre of the level were filled with nothing other than her pained grunts and the blood spilling from the bullet wounds. The hallways, as always, were bland, white, and black. But this particular one ended in a large, metal door that looked heavy and unused. Gradient came to a stop, pulling a card out of her leather jacket. It was her ID card. *This better work.* She thought, sighing to herself. On the wall next to the door, embedded in it, was a large ID scanner paired with a small, unmanned security station. She approached the ID scanner and slid her card through the scanner. *"ID scan complete."* The system said after a couple of seconds, *"Security clearance, J-Level. Opening doors."* And as soon as the voice stopped, the heavy metal door began to slid open, scraping against the concrete it was sitting on. Past this, was the giant shaft that ran through the entire Tower, and opened up into the Underground. Her way out, her way to find an answer to her questions. Pulling her ID card out of the scanner and sliding it back into her pocket, Gradient looked down at her leg. A few of the bullets had hit her left leg, and she was left limping, her pants drenched in her blood, which leaked onto the floor. *Fuck.* She thought, wincing, feeling the pain in her leg. The bullets were still lodged in her muscles. Looking back up at the doors, they had finally stopped screeching against the concrete and revealed the shaft. There was a large concrete perimeter that let people, small aircraft, and deliveries onto the shaft without immediately plummetting. But the shaft itself was enormous, and as she stepped onto the cold concrete, Gradient slowly approached the edge, and looked down. The shaft reached so far down that she couldn't see the end of it, and instead was swallowed by darkness. *That's...a lot more than I thought.* She stared for a moment before looking up, hearing footsteps. *Shit.* \
"Don't move." Said a calm, tired voice. *Palmer?* Her eye went wide and she froze up. "If you understand what's good for you, step back and turn around. *Face me.*" He spoke the words *'face me'* with such vigor that it made Gradient immediately turn around and face Palmer. He looked exactly as he did in the hologram, but he looked much more mad than he had previously. Behind him stood a group of PALMERsec soldiers, but instead of wearing the standard white and black armor, they were decked out in different, more sturdy gear primarily coloured black with red accents. And behind them, were Gradient's team. Kellien was trying to look over one of the SPEC_OPS soldier's shoulders, confused and nervous. Gradient glanced at him, and he recoiled. Something about the blood covered Gradient scared him. Her eye twitched as she watched him recoil, and she looked back at Palmer. "...Yes, sir?" She said quietly, staring at him. He was wearing a grey suit, with a white button-up shirt. His hands, at his sides, were gunmetal black, like Gradient's. His arms, just like hers, were fully cybernetic. He reached up to his face and pushed his thin glasses up the bridge of his nose, sighing. "Give me back that SSD, and I will let you live." He said simply, holding his hand out. Gradient's lip twitched and she looked down at his hand apprehensively, and then back up at him. She *wanted* answers. "No." She replied, sliding her foot back against the concrete. "I want to know what you're hiding." Palmer blinked and snapped his head to the side, his face twitching. Anger radiated off of him like a heater. "There is *nothing* that you need to know." He hissed, stepping forward, lowering his hand. "You do your job, and that's it. You do *not* need to understand where you come from. Give it back." Palmer took another step forward. Gradient took one back, her eye twitching again. "But you sent the entire PALMERsec force on this level after me." She said, burying her nervousness. "There's *something* you don't want me to know. I just want to understand what it is." Gradient was desperately trying to steer Palmer towards answering her questions, but he pushed back. Hard. Taking another step forward, Palmer suddenly swung his fist upwards into Gradient's chin. "What-...?!" She gasped, stumbling back. And then he punched her again, his fist slammed into her cheek. Gradient stumbled to the side again. "*Give* me the SSD, Gradient." Palmer hissed. "I am giving you one more chance." Gradient touched her cheek, and slowly stood back up, stumbling slightly. She was numb. Palmer had hit her. He was not the man she thought he was. There was something he was desperately trying to hide from her, and to do so, he seemed to be willing to sacrifice his own security force. Maybe he would be willing to give up his *own* life. Gradient unsheathed her blade and pointed the tip at Palmer. He recoiled slightly. "Why won't you tell me?" She asked, stepping forward. The tip of the sharp blade touched Palmer's throat. He raised his head and slowly shut his eyes, exhaling deeply. Palmer suddenly gripped the blade with his metal hand with such strength and vigor that it made Gradient flinch. "I won't tell you because you *do not deserve to know.* Or is that too much for you to understand?" He hissed, gripping onto the steel blade harder. \
Gradient angrily tried to plunge the blade into Palmer's throat, using as much as of her strength as she could. But Palmer resisted in the one way she couldn't see coming.

Palmer snapped the blade in two with his incredible strength, and kicked Gradient towards the edge. Unable to keep a grip on it, she dropped the broken blade, letting it clatter to the concrete. "NO!" Kellien suddenly screamed, shoving past the SPEC_OPS soldiers, who looked at him, their expressions unreadable under their helmets. "LET HER GO!" He yelled, before a pair of SPEC_OPS latched onto his arms and pulled him back. Palmer sighed, annoyed, and looked back at Kellien. "Throw him out." He said, turning his head away. "Not like he ever belonged, anyways." Palmer stepped forward, latched onto Gradient's shoulder calmly and forced her towards the edge. She tried to resist, grabbing his arm, but each step Palmer took forced her backwards nonetheless. Her teeth gritted, she was trying to use all of her energy desperately, but his strength was overwhelming, and the grip he had on her shoulder hurt. The punches still hurt, her cheek stung. Gradient's feet reached the edge, and Palmer stopped, reaching into Gradient's pocket. He gently pulled out the thin black SSD and held it up to her face. And with his fingers, he snapped it in two. Gradient's eye twitched and she felt a twinge of annoyance. And then he pulled Gradient's ID card out, and snapped it in two aswell in front of her eyes. "I'm deeming Project GRADIENT a failure." He said to her face, before looking at a particular SPEC_OPS soldier behind him. "Inform everybody. Even you-know-what. They will avoid this failure even if it kills them." His voice was blank. There were no more emotions in him. Gradient opened her mouth, but Palmer pushed her further. Her heels slid off the edge. "Let's hope you hit the bottom." He muttered, stepping away. Unceremoniously, without even looking at her, Palmer pushed Gradient off the edge, and she had no time to react. Gradient began to fall, the shaft quickly blurring around her as she sped up, faster and faster, falling through the massive, empty shaft. Her jacket fought against the wind, her hair became even more of a mess, and she was completely and utterly helpless. All she could do was wait until she hit the ground...if she ever reached it. Now everything was clear, despite the fact that she was about to die. Palmer was hiding something about her, and she needed to know why it caused him so much anger, and what led him to hide it. But he'd snapped the SSD right in front of her, which meant she had nothing...not that she would have anything, as Gradient would end up as a fine paste across whatever surface she'd hit first.
