# ---------[1]---------
# ----[*Power Up*]----
## -------[22:31, CDST]--------
## ----[August 5th, 2096]----
### -[The CSEP *Platinum Halberd*, Space {Standard Route Between Dvóniks and Lóivonus}]-
### -[Cisila J. Siveta, 26]-

Sparks of metal flew as Cisila put the welding torch against a metal plate, forcing it back into place with her free hand. It was a stupid solution, she thought to herself, but there was only so much gear on the ship. The torch sparked as it met the metal plate, and she begin to move the end of the torch along the plate's end, welding it into the other plates. It had blown off a couple of days ago, and nobody had been around to fix it. The sparking torch lit up the lower hull as Cisila brought it along the snapped plating, illuminating the various pipes, wires, and power cells. After she finished with the plate, Cisila got up and turned the welding torch off, flicking a switch on the grip with a small *click.* She shoved the welding torch into her harness, and strapped it in. Sighing, Cisila turned around and looked at the energy array of the *Halberd,* which powered most of the main systems. It was a metal casing which covered large energy cells filled with an ionic liquid that sent energy to the ship's data arrays, main computers, aswell as the ship's command bridge. The portion that Cisila could see looked small, even though she knew how big the energy cells really were, embedded into the hull. Yawning, Cisila pulled up the Hammerhead welding mask she'd been using, and rubbed her eyes. It was impossible to tell time properly in space, other than the coordinated timezones in space. Ever since boarding the *Platinum Halberd,* Cisila's sleep schedule had been messed up beyond belief. It was wake up, work, sleep. Wake up, work, sleep. All the windows showed the same starry emptiness as they usually did, occasionally revealing a planet in the distance. The ship, for the most part, floated freely in space, its engines off. But down in the lower hull, where most of the mechanical functions happened, Cisila could hear the warbling and consistent beating of the engine's systems. The main power source, a large reactor, hummed. The warbling came from the air-con systems, cycling air in and out of the ship and re-cooling it every minute. *All the same.*  Cisila thought, looking around. The plating had come off from the air-con systems, and the rest of the hull looked just like it. Metal plating. The cables coming down from the ceiling. An odd feeling of claustrophobia. The entire ship had that feeling, but down here...it felt especially cramped. Turning away from the systems, Cisila carefully made her way over to a ladder, illuminated by a dim, orange light, and she grabbed onto it. She was going to head straight back up to the main experiment deck, B-deck, to check how weapon development was going. The entire crew (consisting of about sixty to sixty-five people, she remembered) was assigned a lot of tasks each week, and this week, in addition to her engineer duties, Cisila had to keep an eye on weapon development, one of the ship's main experiments.

Being on a pre-determined route between a set of planets, it would occasionally orbit the orbital space station *ARC* every so often, and transfer most of its data and finished work to teams inside the gigantic station. Drug research, weapon development, specimen research, and combat training were the primary focuses of the ship. As were its sister ship's, the *Silver Pike*. The *Platinum Halberd* had decently sized laboratories, firing ranges, and a gym. Singular. Most of the rooms were "decently sized" for the ship, taking up most of its space. Hallways and ladder access like the one she was in were usually cramped, except for the main hallways on the A through D decks, of which she was just below D-deck. As she climbed up, her gear clanked and thunked against the metal tubing around her. Her harness was quite heavy on its own, with all of her engineer tools strapped to it. She was wearing a simple long sleeve button-up and vest which the harness went over, aswell as large cargo pants fitted for extreme conditions. Connected to her harness was a toolbelt wrapping around her waist, holding several pieces of tech that could help her identify and solve problems with the ship. Along with her normal welding torch, strapped to the opposite side of her harness, was a plasma welder. It was used for more heavy duty work like the energy cells, of which it couldn't damage, while the normal welding torch - using pretty old technology - would likely cause the cells to burst, sending the ionic liquid everywhere. Pulling herself up the ladder and onto *D-Deck,* Cisila pulled off her welding faceshield and folded it up in her hands, shoving it into one of her toolbelt's many pouches. Looking down the hallway she'd ended up in, Cisila already knew where she was- the upper maintenance facilities, where most of the engineers hung out during the work hours. It was also where the giant and bulky repair suits sat when they weren't used, near the airlock at the end of the repair bay. Cisila tugged on the thing strapped to her forearm, a slim device that resembled a large phone from decades ago. It was Carbine's proprietary engineer info pad, assigned to every engineer on the ship. It could easily access the ship's systems, datalogs, and could communicate with other devices. But on Cisila's arm, it was *extremely* uncomfortable. She lifted her arm up so she could have a look at the screen, and as she did, it blipped to life. Its simple operating system immediately displayed what Cisila needed to see, and nothing else. First of all, a log of every repair done in the day. Hers was the only one listed, and was listed as *Plate repair - Engine level*. She put a finger to the screen and swiped right, bringing up a diagram of the ship. The screen shone brightly as it proudly displayed the *Halberd,* in all of its apparent glory. Only displaying one colour - a blinding golden yellow - Cisila looked at the ship for any other damages. As she was looking, her eyes scanning the screen, something beeped. She jumped. *Fuck!* Cisila thought, looking up, shaking her head. *That was my-* Before she could put together another coherent thought, a notification appeared on her screen. A call. She pressed the *Accept* prompt and flicked a switch on the side of the device, unmuting herself. "Cisila." A voice said. "Captain needs you to take care of something, since you're the closest to the repair bay on D-Deck." They said. "One of the starboard engines is flickering, and if it goes out, our drifting will go off course and it'll take a while to readjust. See if you can repair it." Cisila pursed her lips, before responding. "Yeah. Alright." She said. The person on the other end was Kellien, chief of security on the ship. She was usually the one to relay messages from the captain, Mr. Emdara, to Cisila. "Tell him it might take thirty or so minutes." She added, heading down the hallway to the repair bay. Her boots thunked against the metal of the floor. "I hate dealing with those engines." Cisila muttered as Kellien disconnected.

As Cisila climbed through the door into the repair bay, she saw the giant suits of metal sitting at the back end of the room, near the airlock. They were Hammerhead Heavy-Duty Exoskeleton And Titan Heart [HDEATH] repair suits, fitted for extreme space conditions. The "Titan Heart" part of the name referred to the odd power system and structure of the suit's exoskeleton, where pressure was maintained in the limbs with ionic liquids similar to the energy cells of the *Halberd* through an artificial "heart" in the back of the suit. Other than the exoskeleton, machined metal plating covered the armor, reminiscent of heavy duty power armor suits. But instead of weapons, the HDEATH suits were fitted with repair tools, such as a beefier version of Cisila's plasma welder, along with an array of different saws, claws, and other tools that were interchangeable. Cisila approached one slowly, and even despite it being turned away from her, it still towered over her. The handles to open up the back of the suit were large, and they were locked into place by safety latches. As she began to pull the safety latches, letting them click apart, another voice appeared in her ear, just like Kellien's. "How's the work going?" A familiar voice said. One of her engineer friends, probably up on a higher deck- Amélia, or just Amé. "S'good." Cisila responded, continuing to pull the safety latches off. "Getting into an aech-death, though." She added, blankly. "*Fuck.*" Amé said, hissing. "I hate those things." The HDEATH platform of suits were extremely useful, but the odd Titan Heart concept made everyone oddly uncomfortable. "Goddamned beating hearts..." Amé muttered. "What are you even doing, anyways?" She asked. "One of the starboard engines is out." Cisila explained, "I'm closest to it." She was on D-Deck's starboard side in the repair bay, which was one of two. The identical, but opposite one, was on the port side of D-Deck. "Oh, great." Amé muttered. "I *love* engine maintenance. Have fun." And with a click, Amé disconnected, going back to whatever she was doing. Cisila yanked the suit's handles back, and they clunked into place, freeing up the back of the suit. She pulled the back down, and, with a *hiss* from the suit's hydraulics, the entire back of the suits' legs came down aswell, letting Cisila climb in easily. She would still have to fit her head into the giant helmet, and position her arms in the sockets, too. 

Pulling herself into the suit, her feet pressed down on the pressure sensitive pads inside the suit's feet, and as they did, the back of the legs and suit lifted back up and sealed Cisila inside as she slid her arms through the sockets and into the suit's arms. As she settled herself in and let the suit turn on, she felt the suit whirr. The lenses of the helmet came to life, the HUD briefly blinding her as it adjusted itself to the lighting conditions. As the suit activated, she felt the heart in the back plating begin to beat. *Thunk. Thunk. Thunk.* It started fast, and hard, before slowing down and becoming less noticeable. As it beat, the arms, legs, and every joint of the armor came to life, letting Cisila move in the suit. Her arms dropped to her side smoothly, and she felt herself able to move her legs. She stepped backwards, and feeling the clunk of the heavy metal feet, Cisila oriented herself and stomped over to the airlock, reaching up to the ceiling and grabbing the handles to open the airlock with the HDEATH suit. Twisting the set of handles clockwise on one side, and counter-clockwise with the other to have them both oriented horizontally, Cisila thunked them into place and let go, stomping into the airlock before the door closed. As she got into the airlock, the doors snapped shut behind her and she felt all the air disappear, sucked back into the ship. Cisila rolled her head side to side, stretching her neck, waiting for the second set of doors to snap open and let her out onto the ship. The HDEATH system was fitted with repulsors and magnets, letting Cisila safely and easily scale and float to the starboard engine in need of repair. Suddenly, the doors snapped open, the heavy metal flying out of her way as the vacuum opened up into the room. Activating the magnets in the soles of the HDEATH suit, Cisila trudged slowly, tugging her feet up as if sticky gum was stuck to them. Each step towards the edge of the open room was excruciating. The endless void of space, filled with stars, awaited her. As she left the airlock, Cisila activated the repulsors on the back of the suit, aswell as the soles' pair of repulsors, and she oriented herself so both would propel her towards the rear of the ship, straight for the starboard engines. The ship was largely angular, metal panels and cables running along it. It was a precisely built craft, but a lot of its space seemed to go unused, stretching for far more distance than the standard decks took up. But, for all intents and purposes, the *Platinum Halberd* was the perfect research ship for Carbine. It had everything the crew needed, and as Cisila drifted along it, ascending up the side of it, she could see why Carbine paraded it around. It looked nice from the outside. But everything else...was a complete and utter mess. The interior was barely holding together, and the engineers - including herself - had to work around the clock to keep the ship functional. But for a moment...Cisila forgot her worries. She drifted along the ship in the HDEATH suit, admiring it. Admiring space. The endless nothingness may have been terrifying to some, but to her, the lack of noise was calming.

<sup><sub>Note: Cue in Under Cover from Halo Infinite</sub></sup>

In some of the windows, she could see crew members heading from one end of a deck to another, shunting supplies or test weapons into the frigate's various experimental areas and firing ranges. Some crew members were in modified HDEATH suits and were on the exterior of the ship, testing weapons in a vacuum. As she glided through the empty vastness of space towards the starboard engines, she waved at a pair of crew members testing what looked like a gauss cannon. They waved back. After a few short minutes of suspended gliding, Cisila pulled a grappling hook off of the HDEATH's toolbelt, and fired it into the ship, reeling herself in. She was close enough to magnetically walk towards the engine and start repairs. When she landed with a rough *thunk,* Cisila twisted a knob on the chest of the suit, turning on its radio. Immediately, it connected her to Kellien. "Almost at the starboard engines. Which one is it?" She asked. Kellien sighed, before checking. "Uppermost one. The engine itself should be flickering. Damage is...mostly external. Might've gotten hit." She rattled off. Kellien was obviously just reading off the damage report, but Cisila wasn't able to access it herself while in the HDEATH suit. "Thanks." Cisila muttered, finally jumping down onto the uppermost starboard engine. The engines were large, with bright, hot energy coming out of the exhausts. They were round with expertly crafted internals, making repairs from the outside rather easy. But right now, she just had to find whatever may have 'hit' the ship. In the HDEATH suit with its magnetic footholds on, Cisila stomped her way along the engine, scanning it from the helmet. She spotted a large dent that broke straight through the metal encasing of the engine, and quickly made her way towards it. "Got it." Cisila said. "Looks like some debris hit it, that's all." She could easily fix the damage with the large plasma welder connected to the suit. Cisila trudged over to the damage and kneeled down in the suit, pulling the plasma welder off of its magnetic holster. She turned it on, and it bursted to life, plasma globs dropping from the end of the welder. She peered into the damage, trying to see what caused it. An asteroid was lodged inside the engine, but it seemed to have stopped dead before hitting anything vital to the engine. Cisila lifted her free hand up and reversed the repulsor on the palm of the hand, pulling the asteroid out of the engine. She grabbed hold of it and noticed something...odd about it. It was glowing. Cracks permeated the surface, glowing a strange blue. *Odd.* Her mind echoed. She decided to strap it to the HDEATH suit, and bring it to the labs later. For now, she had to weld the damage back together and make sure everything was functional. First, she started with any interior damage she could find. Wires needed to be re-attached, and certain engine parts were broken. Welding the parts back together and re-fastening the wires, Cisila welded the exterior damage shut after a few minutes. "Repair complete." Cisila muttered, standing up. "Can confirm that it was an asteroid, but it looks weird. I'm bringing it in." She said. "Okay..." Kellien muttered. "You think it's worth a look?" she asked. Cisila thought so. Anything that glowed had *something* up with it. "Yeah." Cisila said. "Again- bringing it in. I'm done with the repair." 

-

Pulling herself out of the HDEATH suit carefully, Cisila pulled the asteroid piece off of it, shoving it under her arm. She was going to head up to B-deck with the asteroid, and give it to one of the researchers. Personally, while it *did* seem strange, Cisila wasn't entirely sure if it was truly anything special. Stepping out of the repair bay and back into the starboard D-deck hall, Cisila took a left turn to head for the central staircase. The staircase went to every deck, except for A-deck, where you needed special access. A *lot* of space was reserved for A-deck, even if the majority of the ship was B through D-decks, and due to this, every other deck felt cramped under the weight of what A-deck had. As Cisila entered the staircase and headed up to B-deck, she looked around. The staircase was generally brighter (and a little cleaner) than the maintenance hallways, but still seemed like it needed constant repair work. Climbing up the metal staircase, she passed a couple other crew members, who waved at her. They were too busy to say anything, either carrying experimental weapons or doing repairs on the staircase. She nodded back at them, and after a minute of climbing up, Cisila entered B-deck, portside. Immediately, the environment changed. The laboratories were pristine, and brighter than the rest of the ship. Amazingly bright white walls lined the hallways and the doors were trimmed in black to stand out, and she made her way towards one of the furthest lab rooms, Lab 2M. Portside labs were labelled '2', while starboard was '1'. Heading in, the door thunked open and slammed shut behind her rather aggressively, and she was greeted by a researcher. "Hey." They said, getting up from their seat at a testing bench. "What's up?" 

Cisila held up the asteroid, and the researcher stared at it. The first thing Cisila noticed about the girl was her stunning bright pink hair, which melted into black at the roots. Her face was thin, but not gaunt. She didn't look tired, unlike Cisila. "...Space rock." Cisila mumbled, a little stupidly. "Gah-" She shook her head. "Sorry." The girl snorted, and crossed her arms. "Space rock. Go on." She said, smiling. Cisila sighed, and actually put words together properly. "Hit the uppermost starboard engine. Not sure what it is, but it glows." She said, holding it up. The girl pursed her lips and stared at it for a moment. "...Can I have a look at it?" She asked. Cisila nodded, and held it out to her. "Oh, *cool*." The girl muttered, snatching the large asteroid. It glowed in her hands. "Name's Steph, by the way." She said to Cisila. "Don't think we've met. You're on the engineer team?" Steph added. Cisila nodded again, crossing her arms. "I've never gotten to use one of those suits. Whaddya call 'em..." Steph muttered, heading over to her research bench. She ripped a chunk of the asteroid out with such surprising strength that it made Cisila do a double take. She sputtered a response to Stepth, "Uh- aech-death. They're called aech-death suits." Steph looked back and nodded, "Yeaaah- those things. Dunno why everybody's so scared of them..." she muttered, beginning to test the chunk of rock she took. Cisila couldn't make heads or tails of what Steph was doing, but all she needed to know was that she was doing something. As Steph messed with the rock, Cisila walked up to one of the many large windows in the lab, staring out at space. Silence ensued. The only noises permeating the lab were Steph, who was trying to figure out a way to scan the asteroid. As Cisila watched the static outside, littered with stars, her mind drifted. When she was deep in thought, suddenly, the entire ship *thunked.* It rocked from one side to the other, sending Cisila one way and to the other, and Steph nearly got her foot crushed by the asteroid as it skidded off the research bench. "What the FUCK!?" Cisila yelled, catching herself on one of the research benches. The ship returned to its normal stability, letting Steph and Cisila take a breath. "Fuck..." Steph wheezed, shaking her head. "What the *hell* was that...?!" Before Cisila could try and answer, the shipwide announcement system blared to life with a set of beeps, making a chime. The voice that the both of them heard was of the captain, Emdara. The microphone for the system was blown out, and was barely used for that matter. If Emdara was using it, it had to be for a bad reason. "It- it looks like we've been..." Emdara struggled to explain. "Y'know-" He dropped his professional voice, "I'm not sure what happened. We've gone completely off course." *What?* Cisila thought, brow furrowing. Steph looked just as concerned. "...Our maps are freaking out." Emdara continued.

"Our navigation systems are still operational, but they say we're..." Emdara sighed. "They say we're- in the middle of nowhere. We're off the route." Cisila felt her heart drop. That was the worst possible thing that could happen. If the *Halberd* had gone off course, they couldn't ensure everybody's safety. And even worse, if they were in the middle of nowhere, then that meant there were no routes near them. It sounded as if they were in deep space. "Now, I know that *sounds* bad, but I've heard of this happening before." Emdara continued, "The ship should be equipped with a way to get us back on route in the event of something like this. It just...requires a lot of work." He muttered. "In the mean time, we-" He stopped. Something had made him pause. "...The *fuck?*" He hissed over the system. "Shit," Steph muttered, "This is *bad.*" *No fucking shit!* Cisila's mind echoed. She quickly got back to the window and peered out of it, having spotted something blocking out the stars. "What...the hell?" She whispered. Steph rushed up next to her to look at it aswell. The two stared at the massive hulk of inky blackness, blocking out the stars. "There's a ship." Emdara said. "That's another *ship.*" He repeated, exasperated. "That's- I-" He appeared to be in disbelief, before he suddenly shut off the announcement system. "Fucking hell..." Cisila hissed. "A ship...?!" Steph muttered. "Aren't we in the middle of nowhere? What's-" But Steph stopped as she realized something. None of the ships' lights were on. It was drifting in space, dead. Ominously blocking the twinkling stars. It was a similar size to the *Halberd,* and looked like it was also built by Carbine- at least from the silhouette that Cisila could see. What could it be? How did it get here? Something in Cisila twinged, before she realized. "Wait-" She whispered, feeling numb. *Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck.* She put a hand on the window, trying to get a better look at the ship. Steph stared in silence, confused. "...What is it?" Steph asked. Cisila felt herself become incredibly uneasy. "I recognize that silhouette." She hesitated. 

"...Wait..." Steph muttered. The two of them stared at the silhouette of the ship.

"It's the *Silver Pike.*" Cisila dejectedly whispered.

The *Platinum Halberd's* sister ship. It was floating in deep space. Completely dead.

*How* had it gotten here? How had *they* gotten here? And worse...what had happened to it?

<sup><sub>Note: Cue in The Vanishing Suite from FAR CRY 6 x STRANGER THINGS</sub></sup>

# ---------[2]---------
# ----[*Emergency*]----
## -------[22:55, CDST]--------
## ----[August 5th, 2096]----
### -[The CSEP *Platinum Halberd*, Deep Space]-
### -[Cisila J. Siveta, 26]-

"Kellien!" Cisila said, calling up Kellien from her forearm mounted data device. "Kellien, that's the fucking *Silver Pike!*" She turned away from the window quickly, trying not to look at it. "Yeah, I fucking know." Kellien said, sounding stressed. "Everybody up on A-deck is freaking the *fuck* out." Cisila felt herself beginning to freak out, but she tried to push it down. "Okay. Okay." Cisila breathed. "WHY is it here?!" She screeched, feeling herself shaking. "*Where* are we?!" She couldn't stop the questions. "STOP!" Kellien screamed, the mic clipping and piercing Cisila's ears. "Ow- *fuck.* Sorry." She mumbled. "No, sorry-" Kellien sputtered. "Everybody's panicking up here. We need to find out what's going on there." She tried to explain, calming down. "You're portside, right? You saw the ship?" She asked. "Yes." Cisila said. Kellien paused. "...You wouldn't mind volunteering to take a look on the ship, would you?" Kellien asked. Cisila considered this for a moment. On one hand...something bad looked like it had happened, and it was strange to see the *Silver Pike* so close to them. Unnaturally so. On the other hand, the crew was definitely still alive, and the *Halberd* needed the *Pike* in order to maintain the space route and to consistently trade data. Even if the ship needed repairs, Cisila had done worse. It wouldn't hurt to head in, would it? "...Y'know what..." Cisila said, "Sure. I'll go." Kellien sighed, "Thank God. Emdara was going to bug a bunch of the engineers. Now he doesn't have to. Can you head to the A-deck access hatch on the portside? I'll give you access to come up and we'll get your little squad assembled." Kellien rattled off. "Alright." Cisila sighed, disconnecting from Kellien. She headed for the door, while Steph continued to stare out the window at the *Pike.* "...See you later." Cisila said, leaving Lab 2M. She headed straight for the A-deck access hatch, her boots clunking against the metal floors. There was nobody in the hallways, but it still felt as though panic had seeped in from every crack of the ship. Climbing up a small set of stairs at the end of the hall, she grabbed hold of the A-deck access hatch handle, tugging it open. Usually, it wouldn't budge, but for Cisila, the lever *thunked* upwards and the hatch opened, giving her access to the ladder. Slowly, and carefully, she climbed up the ladder, and made her way up onto A-deck.

A few minutes later, Kellien had gotten her set up near the boarding hatch. The *Halberd* had to position itself so it could connect with the *Pike* via a large tube system, letting crew travel from one end to the other. It was proprietary to the two ships, and if the ship hadn't been the *Pike,* they likely would not have been able to get in without the use of their HDEATH suits. Cisila had all of her repair gear ready to go for any interior repairs, and had been given a set of state-of-the-art nightvision goggles. They were sleek, slim, and fit her face well, covering her eyes and letting her see perfectly in the dark. She also had a flashlight, in case the nightvision goggles didn't work. Cisila was joined by a couple other engineers. Derrick, who looked constantly tired and didn't bother to shave himself, and to her surprise, Amé. Amé was dressed in her usual engineer gear, similar to Cisila's, and her hair was tied back into a tight ponytail. However, her hair was still a mess. "Yo." Amé said, slapping her hand on Cisila's shoulder. "You ready?" She asked. "...I hope so." Cisila muttered, getting up. In addition to the engineers, Steph had also shown up. She was equipped with a lot of research gear in case anything bad had happened to ship- she would be able to extract the ship's datalogs to find out what happened. "Alright." Kellien said, stepping towards the boarding hatch. "Remember- this isn't that big of a deal. I'm sure the crew's fine. Just get in and help out with whatever they need." She explained. The ship jostled as the tubing system connected with the *Pike*, and the hydraulics around the hatch hissed with air, indicating that the seal was as good as it would get. "Perfect." Kellien muttered, pulling the hatch open. Cisila looked at Amé, Derrick, and then Steph. Derrick stepped forward first, putting his plasma welder in its holster. "Hope they're all good in there..." Derrick mumbled, and he was the first to step into the boarding tube. Cisila, Amé, and Steph followed. Kellien watched them go, and left the boarding hatch open. There was no need to close it. As the four walked down the boarding tube, it wobbled ominously. This was normal, but it always made Cisila nervous whenever she had to cross one. "I can't see any readings from the ship's engines. They might be down." Amé said, checking her forearm mounted data device. "Most of the power cells are dead, too." Derrick said, checking his own. "Oxygen systems are still online, aswell as air-con, though." He added. "If they're alive, they're good. Just sitting in the dark." Cisila got to the *Silver Pike's* boarding hatch first, and grabbed hold of the valve that opened it. Turning it, she felt the weight of it. It was extremely heavy and her hands would slip occasionally as she turned it. It creaked every so often, but after about ten seconds of turning it, the hatch opened with a hiss. Pushing it open with her foot, the hatch swung open, revealing an identical main A-deck area to the *Halberd.* The boarding tube's lights flooded into the room, which was otherwise pitch black. The four stepped down into the A-deck, looking around. Cisila pulled her NVGs down, and with a high-pitched whirr, they came to life. And almost as soon as they did, Cisila saw that things were incredibly wrong.

The other three gasped. The boarding tube's lights didn't stretch far enough to show any of it to the naked eye, but the walls and windows...were covered in blood. Guts were strewn about on the floor. Limbs, too. It hadn't even been ten seconds, and it had already gone off the deep end. "Oh *fuck.*" Amé said. "Oh, you're *fucking* joking." She hissed. Derrick stared silently, as did Steph. Cisila felt numb. "No, no, *hell* no." Amé whispered, backing up. "Absolutely *fucking* not." Her heel thunked against the boarding hatch's door frame and she almost fell over. She caught herself on the hatch and pulled herself back up, ducking out of the way of the hatch as it...began to close. Amé got out of the way, but...the hatch glided back into its place, *thunked*, and sealed with a hiss. Amé paused. She looked at the hatch, and then at the group. And then back. She bit her lip nervously. "...Does...does it open from this side?" Steph whispered. Amé grabbed hold of the hatch's levers and pulled on them. They didn't budge. "Fuck." Amé hissed. Cisila pulled up her data device on her forearm and called Kellien. "Kellien, we just locked ourselves in. And something's...something's really wrong here." She said. "Fucking hell...I saw Amé shut the door." Kellien said. "You *should* be able to open it from that side. You can't?" Amé tried harder to open the hatch. "No dice." Cisila said. "Can you try from your end?" She asked. There was a pause, and they could hear footsteps from the other end of the hatch. The hatch shuddered as Kellien tried to turn the valve on the other side, "Fuck," Kellien grunted, "It won't- *budge*-" she grumbled. Letting go, Kellien sighed. "I can't open it." she said, dejectedly. "You're stuck. Maybe you could try and find your way down to the maintenance level? Turning on the power might do something- the hatch probably opened because we connected to it." Cisila shut her eyes. *Stuck.* Her mind echoed. *Stuck.* At least she wasn't alone. She looked at Steph, Derrick, and then Amé. "...Sorry." Amé mumbled. Everybody stared at her for a moment, in disbelief. "It's fine." Derrick grumbled, pinching the bridge of hise nose and sighing. "We need to find someone, at least. Let's head for main deck access." He began to walk, his boots almost immediately coming into contact with the blood on the floor. There was nothing to be done about it, but Cisila still hated walking in it. Nonetheless, she followed Derrick, and the other two followed, making up the rear. As they were walking, an overhead light near the end of the hallway flickered, sparking. "Ugh-" Derrick grumbled, "Their lights are all effed." He noted. That would require more repairs...but Cisila was beginning to feel like there was no reason to repair the *Pike.* Derrick continued to walk, heading down the hallway. But one of the steps he took...crunched something underneath his foot. Immediately, Derrick froze, and looked down. "Oh. FUCK." He yelled, stumbling back. Cisila tried to get a look, and her eyes went wide. A mangled corpse with only an arm was lying on the floor, and the arm was what Derrick had stepped on. "Wait-" Amé said, staring down at the end of the hallway. "Something's moving down there." Cisila felt her heartrate spike, and as she looked up from the mangled corpse, she saw that there *was* something at the end of the hallway, underneath the flickering and sparking light. It was clearly human (she thought) but it was convulsing irregularly. "It wasn't moving before." Steph pointed out. "It's...it's..." everybody was frozen, staring at it. Odd crunches and squelching noises permeated the air, in the otherwise silent hallway. Uneven, unnatural breathing came from the general direction of the convulsing thing.

"...Hang on..." Steph realized. Leaning against the wall, it looked like she was beginning to lose control of herself. Her voice was shaky. "We- *we don't have any fucking weapons."* She whispered. "Oh. *Fuck.*" Cisila hissed. The group's eyes were locked onto the convulsing corpse, as the breathing and the noises became more irregular, uneven, and less human. "...Is it gonna move, or..." Derrick muttered. Cisila watched the convulsing silhouette, before she realized something. They didn't have weapons, that was for sure, but they *did* have their engineer gear. The plasma welder had a configuration that blasted out plasma globs. It *was* for less precise jobs, but it definitely could melt human tissue and immobilize someone. "Derrick-" Cisila said, pulling her plasma welder out of its holster on her harness. "Derrick, we can use our welders." The plasma welder itself was in two parts, as it became rather bulky to walk around with. Its current configuration was for precision cutter, but when Cisila flicked a switch and unlocked a trigger lock on the grip, it turned into a makeshift plasma pistol. It was slow, cumbersome, but it was better than nothing. "Shit, you're right!" Derrick gleefully said, pulling his out and doing the same thing. Amé followed aswell, but the three realized Steph had nothing. Amé stepped back and acted as a shield for Steph as Derrick and Cisila slowly walked forward, aiming their plasma welders at the convulsing corpse. It was still a long way down the hallway, but had started to convulse harder. Suddenly, with a horrible *crack*, it froze. Derrick stopped, and so did Cisila, their welders trained on the silhouette. Slowly, unnaturally...it got up. "Fuck..." Derrick hissed, keeping his welder in the thing's general area. "That is *not* a fucking human." It may have been shaped like a human, but it could no longer use its limbs properly. With every step, there was a crunch as the legs moved incorrectly. Its arms twitched. Its head...didn't resemble a human's. It was distorted, odd fleshy things breaking out from the skull. It didn't look like an infection. Something about this didn't feel like some kind of viral outbreak, or at least, Cisila thought so. Her grip on the welder tightened as the corpse slowly limped towards the group down the narrow hallway. It felt as though the walls had closed in around them. As it drew closer, it raised an arm towards them. It stopped for a moment, convulsing, reaching towards them. "Eugh- eugh. Euugh. This isn't real. This. Isn't. Real." Amé whispered, denying the obvious in front of her. The corpse made a noise, and seemed to be...Cisila wasn't sure. *Is it fighting against itself?* Her mind echoed. It was impossible to tell. Then...it spoke. *It spoke.* In a distorted voice, its vocal chords mostly ruined. *"Three...two...seven. Please."* It croaked, before it lunged forward. "MOTHERFUCKER!" Derrick screeched, pulling the trigger on the welder. With a burst, a glob of plasma barreled straight from the end of the welder and hit the corpse's face. The thing screeched as the plasma burned through what remained of the face and melted into the skull. The fleshy extensions in the head convulsed incessantly, almost trying to escape. It looked like cables...something Cisila might be able to cut. Thinking fast, she pulled her utility knife out from her toolbelt and lunged forward, stabbing the knife into the extensions and ripping them apart. Blood went everywhere and nearly coated Cisila before she got out of the way, but the corpse fell to the ground, twitching for a few seconds before it settled.

It was dead. It didn't look as though the plasma globs killed the corpse, but rather, Cisila cutting through the fleshy tubes. They seemed separate from the corpse, almost. Upon closer inspection, crouching down, Cisila noticed that the tubes and other bits of flesh pierced through the skull and went straight for the brain. "Awful." She muttered, getting up. "That was definitely a crew member, too." she sighed. Cisila felt sick. "What did it say?" Amé asked. "Three-two-seven." Derrick whispered. "Three digit code. Standard for codes on the *Halberd* and here." He added. Steph frowned. "Then it's got to be for something..." she said. Cisila leaned against the wall slowly, breathing deeply. She twirled around the welder before shoving it back into its holster, trying to figure out a way to distract herself. Derrick put a hand on her shoulder, "Hey. You alright?" he asked. Silently, Cisila nodded. Internally, she felt absolutely horrible. The smell of blood, guts and flesh had begun to fill her nostrils. She didn't want to go anywhere. "We need to get down to the engines." Derrick said. Again, she nodded, and pulled herself off the wall. "Okay." Cisila mumbled, shaking her head. She couldn't get out of this, and needed to focus. Derrick holstered his plasma welder and clapped his hands together, and spoke. "The access hatch to the rest of the ship should be down this hallway. If one of those things shows up again..." his lip twitched as he paused, "...we're going to have to shoot it." He finished. The group nodded, and they began to walk down the hallway, towards the flickering and sparking light. Blood was smeared along the walls, desperate bids by the *Pike*'s crew to get away from whatever horror they had come across. As they walked, Cisila got another call from Kellien. Connecting to Kellien, Cisila adjusted her goggles. "There's a giant hole on the starboard B-deck of the *Pike*." Kellien cautioned, out of the blue. "The entire deck might be in vacuum, I'm not sure if the heavy doors are sealed." she said. "Fuck." Cisila hissed. "Then a lot of the crew's probably..." She pursed her lips, stopping herself. She knew some of the crew on the *Silver Pike,* and she wouldn't be able to believe they were dead. "Just- just avoid B-deck, unless you get your hands on the ship's aech-death suits." Kellien added. Derrick pulled open the A-deck access hatch and peered in. "Looks fine." He said, as Cisila disconnected from Kellien. Amé stared down it, wary. Cisila sidled past Derrick and climbed down it first. "Hey?" Derrick said, as Cisila began to lower herself down. "There's a big hole in B-deck's starboard side." She said, looking up. "I'd just like to check if portside is sealed off or not. If it isn't, we're fucked." Derrick stared down at her, seemingly in disbelief. "Hang on- no, that's not possible. We can't be *stuck*." He said. "Yeah, I'd fucking hope we aren't." Amé hissed. Cisila sighed, "I'm going to check that now. Can you *please* just..." she couldn't continue her sentence. Queasiness overtook her. She had to get through this. Sliding down the ladder slowly, Cisila's boots thunked against the metal floor at the bottom of the cramped ladder space. She placed her hands on the levers to open the B-deck hatch, twisting them and clunking them into place. "It's not locked." She yelled back up to the group, and she pushed the hatch open. It creaked extremely loudly, the hinges crunching as the weight of the hatch moved. 

<sup><sub>Note: Cue in Blank Shell by Mike Klubnika for BUCKSHOT ROULETTE</sub></sup>

As the hatch swung open slowly, Cisila looked out into the B-deck hallway. She was still breathing, so that meant portside was sealed. But as she stared down the long B-deck hallway, she realized it somehow looked *worse* down here. Laboratory gear, blood, guts and body parts were strewn about, and the flesh was beginning to rot. It was impossible to identify any of the body parts, let alone the corpses slumped against the wall. Each corpse she looked at made her feel uneasy. Any of them could come to life at any moment, like the one on the A-deck had. "It's good!" Cisila yelled once more, signalling for the group to come down. As she stepped out into the B-deck hallway, her boots crunched on something that she hadn't noticed in the nightvision. Stepping off of it, Cisila looked down. It was...rock. She squinted, feeling her uneasiness grow, and she knelt down to pick it up. As she drew closer, she saw that it was *glowing,* like the asteroid that had hit the *Halberd.* In fact, as she picked it up, it felt the same. *It felt the same.* She pulled her nightvision goggles up and saw that it had the same blue glow as the other asteroid. "...Oh, fuck..." she hissed. As Derrick, followed by Amé and Steph, came down onto B-deck. Getting up, she held the rock up to Derrick. "It's the same fucking thing that hit us." She said. Steph immediately grabbed it and examined it, pulling her goggles up. "...Is it?" She whispered, turning it over in her hands. "It has to be..." Steph looked at Cisila, concern washing over her face. "...Correlation, does not always equal causation, but..." Steph whispered. Cisila knew what she meant. The asteroid felt like it was connected to what happened. Immediately, Cisila pulled up her data device on her forearm and called Kellien. *Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.* Her mind echoed. She couldn't let whatever had happened to the *Pike* happen to the *Halberd* aswell, or else they would be well and truly stuck forever. "Kellien!" Cisila hissed. "Yeah? What is it?" Kellien responded. "We found an identical rock to the asteroid that collided with the *Halberd.* It might be the cause of what's...going on here." She said. "*What's* going on there? You haven't actually-" Kellien paused, her mic picking up yelling. "...Oh, you're fucking kidding..." Kellien cursed. "Something's happening on B-deck. Everybody's-" She paused again. "Kellien-" Cisila hissed. She didn't respond. "KELLIEN!" She yelled, feeling herself tense up. It had to have been the asteroid. "KELLIEN, GET THAT FUCKING THING OFF THE SHIP!" She screamed. "Fuck, fuck, *FUCK.*" Cisila turned off her data device and put her face in her hands. "...Not good." Derrick said. He wheeled around and looked out one of the B-deck windows at the Halberd. There was no indication from the portside windows on B-deck that anything was happening. "I don't see anything, though..." And then, as he was watching, he spotted someone rushing down the hallway. And then a flash. Several more flashes. *Gunshots.* His mind echoed. "Shit." Derrick said. "They're getting weapons out." Cisila whipped around and stared out the window, beginning to panic. "No, no, no, no..." She whimpered. Amé grabbed Cisila's shoulder, "Cisila. *Cisila.*" She hissed. "You have to focus. We need to get back to the *Halberd.*" She was right. The group needed to focus. Cisila shut her eyes and breathed deeply. "Okay. Let's...let's..." She muttered. 

And then there was another horrible cracking and squelching noise.

And then more. The corpses along the B-deck hallway were beginning to convulse.

Everybody froze.

*They woke up.*

# ---------[3]---------
# --[*They're All Dead?*]--
## -------[23:20, CDST]--------
## ----[August 5th, 2096]----
### -[The CSEP *Silver Pike*, Deep Space]-
### -[Cisila J. Siveta, 26]-

The crunching worsened as the corpses pulled themselves back up, the flesh extensions wriggling as they seemed to gain control. The entire group whipped around to face them, and the three engineers pulled out their plasma welders. Nobody dared say a thing as the corpses warbled and croaked, trying to find their way around. One thunked against the window as it took a few steps forward, seemingly disoriented. It slammed into the wall again, its jaw agape. It had no eyes, as far as Cisila could tell, which meant it couldn't see. Its arms were ripped apart unnaturally, stretching the muscles, tendons and everything else while the bones held it together. Its hands reached its knees, and were also horribly stretched and ripped so they would be longer. More unnatural. Getting in front of Steph, Derrick held up his plasma welder with both of his hands and aimed it at the corpse. His hands were shaking. The corpse, still incessantly trying to get through the wall, was wearing the outfit that the crew of the *Pike* wore. If it wasn't obvious before, it was now. They had been killed. And as far as anyone could tell, all of them. Derrick pulled the trigger of the welder multiple times, letting the plasma globs engulf the corpse. It let out a blood-curdling scream as it began to melt, scratching its fingers against the wall, trying to escape. Cisila, still feeling queasy, flung her welder up and shot down another one of the corpses that had gotten up. It was slowly approaching them, seemingly unsure of its surroundings. As soon as the globs of plasma made contact with the second one, it screamed aswell. Amé lunged at one that had come down another hallway, thwacking its head in with the butt of her welder before forcefully shoving the end of it into its mouth, and pulling the trigger. Its head burst, splattering blood everywhere. "FUCK!" Amé screamed, backing up. She had gotten coated in blood. Cisila grabbed her shoulder, "Are you alright?!" She said. "Fuck- *ugh-*" Amé sputtered, trying to get the blood off of herself. "I'm fine- but- urgh!" She grunted. Derrick slowly put his welder back into its holster as he watched the end of the hallway. "There are a lot more rooms...a lot more hallways." He said. "And the crew's about the same size as ours. Fifty-six, I think." He put his hands in his face and groaned. "That's...fifty-six people gone." Cisila said. *Fifty-six.* A crew the *Halberd* was very familiar with, all gone suddenly. And nobody had any idea why. Where had the ship been? Had it been fine only a few hours ago? She remembered getting a call from Kellien a couple days ago, wondering if the comms were fine. *"They are. Everything's on."* She'd responded, before asking why. Kellien had explained they hadn't gotten any messages from the *Pike* when they were supposed to. Cisila had just assumed it was nothing, at the time...but...being in the hallway- it looked like this was why. And nobody had even told them that the ship had disappeared. 

Cisila looked down one of the other hallways on B-deck, trying to map the ship out in her head. It was a similar class to the *Halberd,* but it had been constructed in a different way. They weren't exactly identical. "We need to find the main staircase. It should be in the centre of the ship..." She muttered. They should be able to access the central staircase of the *Pike*, even if half of B-deck was sealed off by the heavy sealed doors that stopped the entire deck from becoming a vacuum. "Down- down that hallway, I think." Steph said, pointing down a hallway near them. "I've been on here before." She whispered. *Oh.* Cisila's mind echoed. *Oh, that must make this one hundred times worse.* She pulled her nightvision goggles back down and approached the hallway slowly, her feet crunching underneath the drying guts of the dead crew. It was like some of them had just...exploded, leaving blood, guts, and shattered bones behind. Feeling herself flinch with every step, Cisila inhaled deeply, and turned the corner into the hallway. It was a shorter hallway with more leading off of it into laboratories, but at the end, there was a larger door stuck half open. Blood had splattered against it, seemingly having come from someone who had gotten...crushed between. She felt uneasy approaching it, and as she did, her uneasiness was proved right. An unsettling, crunchy screech emitted from the end of the hallway, and Cisila spotted where it had come from. The top half of a crew member, stabbed in the head by the flesh extensions, which began to wriggle horribly as it noticed Cisila. She raised her welder as it began to painfully pull itself across the metal floor, desperately trying to reach Cisila. Her eyes were glued to it as it approached, warbling and croaking. Suddenly, a hand wrapped around her ankle. Her eyes went wide. A twinge of fear struck its way up her spine, sending her into a frenzy. "**FUCK!**" She screamed, pulling herself backwards. Another crew member turned zombie had grabbed her ankle, and she tore its hand away as she forcefully stepped backwards, its wrist ripping away from the arm. It was too close to do anything with the welder, so instead...

She raised her foot. Her heavy boot weighed her foot down. Cisila stared down at the corpse, and realized...she was looking at a face she recognized. Her lip twitched.

*Felipe?* Her mind echoed quietly.

There was nothing she could do for him, not anymore. She felt something well up inside her, but before she could let it do anything...

She used  as much strength as she could, and slammed her foot down into the corpse's face: She broke through the skull, crushing the brain, and turned his head to pulp. A horrible *crunch*  and the feeling of the skull shattering came from underneath her boot as the rest of the corpse convulsed, and she took her chance to shoot the first corpse. Its head burst as plasma splattered into not just its face, but the fleshy extensions. With a horrid scream, he too died. Cisila stumbled into the wall, breathing heavily. Her sweat was starting to feel sticky. She was shaking uncontrollably. The rest of the group rushed into the hallway, and soon enough, they noticed the pair of corpses. "*Fucking* hell..." Derrick wheezed, staring at the broken door. "Nearly hurt me." Cisila gasped, trying to breathe. "I can't- I *can't.*" She was beginning to freak out. Seeing someone she recognized filled her with dread, and reminded her of the situation. "I- I can't." She repeated, her voice shaky. Haphazardly shoving her plasma welder back into its holster on her harness, she buried her face in her hands and slid down the wall. Cisila had lost control, completely. "Aw, fuck..." Amé whispered, and she knelt down next to Cisila. Derrick and Steph watched. "Cisila, it's alright. It's good." Amé said, in her best consoling voice. "What happened?" She asked. Cisila pulled her hands down, letting them rest on her thighs. She blinked, feeling herself continue to shake harder and harder. "I- I- I *recognized him.*" Cisila sobbed. "I can't- I couldn't- I don't know why I..." Amé stopped her. "Cisila-" She started, "There's nothing you could've done for him. That..." she sighed, "That was probably the best thing you could've done." Cisila looked down at the corpse. Its head had been pulverized by her foot, and its face was no longer recognizable. But it was a man she knew. Even if it was the best thing she could've done for the poor guy, it...it didn't feel good. When she had woken up this morning, she didn't think anything like this would happen. Never, ever in her life did she think she'd have to mercy kill someone. It didn't seem that way. It *hurt* her. "Fuck...fuck...*fuck*..." She repeated to herself, beginning to hyperventilate. Sweat stuck to her forehead. "Hey- *hey.*" Amé blurted out. "Stop it. *Stop.*" She insisted. "It's all going to be fine. Everything's going to be okay. Cisila, *please.*" She shook Cisila's shoulder, and Cisila leaned back against the wall, her hands tightly gripped into fists. She took control of her breathing. She slowed herself down. *Stop.* Her mind echoed. *Stop.* Her body eased up, and the tenseness faded away. "Okay..." Cisila whispered. "Okay." She slowly pulled herself up, shaking her head. "I'm sorry." Cisila said to Amé, who got up after her. "No. It's okay. I...I get it." She said. "We need to keep going..." Derrick mumbled, pointing at the doors to the central staircase. "Yeah." Cisila said, nodding. She wiped her face of sweat, and realized something...the aircon had shut off. Her mind, despite having just been in a panic, kicked back into action. "The air's warm. I'm sweating. Is anyone else sweating?" She asked, rapidly. "Yes." Amé said. "I am." Derrick confirmed. Steph nodded. The air had been cool on A-deck, but not B-deck. *Either the aircon system just malfunctioned, or it's having problems on each level.* She thought. "Aircon problems." She said, before turning towards the broken door at the end of the hallway. Cisila noticed wires and pieces of metal dangling from the ceiling, having been released from their screws and bolts. It looked like the ship was slowly falling apart. "Okay," Amé said, holding her data device up to her eyeline. "B-deck, right? The stairs should get us all the way down to D-deck, but we'd have to find where the ship's engine cells are ourselves." She rattled off. "Right." Derrick said, crossing his arms. "Cisila, you've read up on the *Halberd's* and *Pike's* engines, haven't you?" He asked, looking at her. She nodded. "Experimental engines. We call 'em Loop Engines." They had several new ideas and materials used in them, but the *Halberd* and *Pike* were the first to use them on a larger scale. 

In the back of her head, Cisila guessed that the Loop engines were the reason they had shown up in deep space. She had been too shocked earlier to realize, but...she remembered...they had a failsafe that not many people knew about, even those who operated the ships that the engines powered. Cisila had only discovered it because of her extensive research into the ship's engines, making sure she would be able to fix them no matter what. The failsafe would shift the entire ship into a fixed point in deep space that was considered...'safe'. She wasn't sure why it did this, or where it even went, but once an entire cycle passed - twenty-four hours - the systems would re-engage and bring the ship back to the pre-determined route. But she wasn't sure that they were going to be moving at any rate, no matter what...she wasn't sure what was happening on the *Halberd.* The *Pike's* engines could've been too damaged to work. There were too many things that could go wrong down here...lest the group even make it out at all. She wiped her forehead again before making her way towards the door, followed by the group. Their boots thunked along the grated metal floor, occasionally interrupted by the squelch or *snap* of something from a corpse. Walking up to the door, Cisila noticed that it was sparking. The two chunks of door, both on motors, seemed to have broken sometime recently, likely just after the crew member was torn in two between it. With the ship's power mostly off, the door likely wouldn't budge. There was enough space for Cisila to squeeze through, aswell as the rest of the group. She started to pull herself through, sidling between the giant, heavy slabs of metal. It made her slightly nervous, knowing how hard the doors could shut, and how much speed they could gain in literal picoseconds. If they turned on, for whatever reason, Cisila would turn into a thin, red mist. But they didn't slam shut. They didn't budge, and gave no sign of life and Cisila pulled herself through into the central staircase. She motioned at the rest of the group to climb through, aswell. "It's good. I think they're off." She said. Derrick was the first to climb through, sidling between the doors. He was a slightly tighter squeeze, but made it through nonetheless. Steph and Amé came through next, and soon, the group scanned the staircase. There were multiple levels, and as they looked down, their nightvision goggles picked up the horrors that had settled at the bottom, at the base of the staircase- D-deck. A pile of bloody and mutilated corpses sat, seeping blood everywhere. It looked like a pitiful attempt at minimizing the violence, as it was clearly organized and not a frenzied, confusion-filled attempt by the corpses. "...That's got to be most of the crew..." Steph whispered. "That's...that's *horrifying.*" 

Cisila stared down at the pile, and wondered if this meant there were still people alive on the ship. Down on D-deck, there was hardly any space...no room to move, but plenty to hide in. Especially the engine and energy cell blocks. She'd know, as she'd hidden in the *Halberd's* energy cell blocks multiple times when the crew played a ship-wide game of hide and seek. It had to be identical here. Derrick seemed to have caught on that the pile of corpses were organized, and pointed out, "That wasn't the...zombie-things." He said. "That's way too organized." Steph stared down as Derrick spoke, analzying it. "Yeah..." She said. "Yeah, you're right." Steph looked up at Derrick, and then Cisila. "There must still be people alive on the ship." She said. Cisila nodded, "I was just thinking..." She started, before Amé finished her sentence. "They're probably hiding in the engine rooms." She said, nodding at Cisila. They had both hidden in the *Halberd's* energy cell blocks. "We need to go down there, anyways, but...that makes this a hell of a lot easier." Derrick said. "If they're alive, that is..." Nobody wanted to think about what would happen if they weren't. Walking corpses in the engine room, taking up most of the space. They would be impossible to fight. They would die down there, and fast. The *Halberd* would be stuck, and so would the *Pike,* and it was likely that the two ships would never be found again. "Let's just...go." Cisila said, pointing towards the stairs. "If that's most of the crew, then we might not have as many of- *them-* to worry about." She added, inhaling. Derrick was the first to head down the staircase, with the other three following. Each step *clanged* horribly loudly, echoing off the walls. The lack of noises on the *Pike* was unsettling. The lights hanging above the staircase flickered and sparked, helping nobody. Blood was smeared along the railings and the floor, while the remains of the crew were splayed haphazardly across the floor, just like B-deck. The entire ship was like a nightmare come to life, coated in blood and falling apart at the seams. The *Halberd* and *Pike* were usually clean as a whistle due to the ships' protocol, almost always ready to showcase itself if needed. The image of the two Alessi Shuttles needed to be upheld, and in the *Pike*'s current state...well, it obviously wasn't. It would terrify people. It would ruin the short record of the two ships, even though this was nobody's fault. It was a poor sequence of events that led to the crew of the *Pike* being mutilated like this. Cisila watched ahead of the group carefully, and looked down any hallways they passed on their way down the B-deck staircase. It was all the same. Blood. Guts. Corpses. She sighed to herself and continued going down, making a mental note of any repairs they'd have to do if they got out of this situation. "This is just...terrible..." Derrick muttered. "I should be playing chess with Lan right about now, and I can't..." Cisila looked back. "*That's* your takeaway?" She asked, raising an eyebrow under her goggles. "Oh, no-" Derrick said, "Just wish I was doing that instead." Cisila understood that. She'd rather be doing anything else, herself. After a few minutes of descending the central staircase, they made it to the bottom, and walked out onto the D-deck landing. The pile of corpses was...unsettling, but they just had to walk past it. Heading through a set of doors labelled *Maintenance Access*, the group walked through the empty repair bays and gear storage. But as Cisila looked in one of the rooms, she froze. Her eyes narrowed as she stared into it. "Huh?" Derrick asked, leaning over her shoulder. She pointed towards the HDEATH suit stations.

Half of them were missing. Derrick made a face and sidled past Cisila, walking up to the stations. Amé, Steph and Cisila watched him, uneasy. "That's bays one, two and three gone." Derrick said, examining the stations. "That means three of our buddies were wearing the suits when this happened..." He frowned. There was only a few reasons they hadn't found them yet, and one of them was almost too horrifying to think of. It was on all of their minds. *They've been...zombified in the suits.* Cisila's mind echoed. *Or lost to space. Either way, we're not seeing them again, are we?* She walked into the repair bay and examined the stations, looking at the remaining HDEATH suits. "We can't use them." Amé said, walking in. "They're locked into those stations unless we have access. And...and here, we don't." She added, frowning. "That would be...*really* helpful. Fuck." Steph muttered, entering the bay aswell. The group stared at the three empty bays, before something *clanged* outside the repair bay, in the hallway. Everybody jumped. Derrick quickly pulled out his plasma welder and rushed out to the hallway, raising it. Cisila followed, pulling her own welder out aswell, pointing it down the hallway. Down here, there was much less space. The corridors were tighter, the lights dimmer- not that many were on due to the ship's power failures. But with their night vision goggles, Derrick and Cisila couldn't see anything. And suddenly, behind them, there was a set of clicks. Hammers of traditional firearms clicking into place. The two froze. Cisila felt a bead of sweat run down her forehead. Derrick's grip on the welder tightened as he felt the end of a pistol touch the back of his head. Cisila flinched as the same happened to hers. Slowly, she turned her head to look. It wasn't a zombie, surely...it can't have been. Turning around, she was met with a familiar sight. In an instant, all tenseness in her body washed away as relief overtook her. A man, still alive, was holding two traditional pistols up to Cisila and Derrick. Derrick too, turned around slowly, only to be surprised. The man, looking at both of them, sighed. He lowered the pistols slowly, putting them away. "Thank the stars you haven't been caught, yet." The man said. His outfit was covered in blood and he looked like a mess, but it was clearly the captain. *Captain Solen.* Cisila's mind echoed. She'd met the man once, before she'd been picked for the *Halberd.* "Wait..." He paused. His face seemed to light up. "Wait- you're not my crew!" He realized, grabbing their shoulders. "Woah-" Derrick said, surprised. "Yeah, we're not. We're from the *Halberd,* Solen, sir." He added. "The...*Halberd*." Solen said ominously. "That means..." He let go of their shoulders, shaking his head. "This isn't good. I'm assuming you're docked with the *Pike?*" Solen asked, looking at the two. Cisila nodded, as did Derrick. Steph and Amé rushed into the corridor and gasped upon seeing Solen, "Holy shit-" Amé hissed. "Someone's *alive?!*" Solen looked at the other two, and nodded. "One of a few." He said. "We're hiding in the engine blocks, but...it's been difficult. Those- those *things*-" He sputtered, "I don't know what they've done to my crew. They've lost all of their faculties. It's..." Solen sighed. "What- what are they?" Cisila asked. Solen looked over his shoulder and shook his head. "Not here." He said. "It's not safe up here, even if it's D-deck." Turning around, he motioned for them to follow. Cisila took a step forward, and was followed by the rest. Solen led them back out from Maintenance Access, but almost as soon as he pushed the doors open, he stopped.

Cisila peered over his shoulder only to feel her heart drop. It wasn't the first time today, but she felt the uneasiness return again. Solen shook his head, "I- nevermind. We need to go back the other way." He muttered rapidly. "We can't go that way." Cisila silently nodded, feeling a lump in her throat, and turned around to the group. "Let him past." She said, trying to suppress her newfound panic. Derrick sidled out of the way of Solen and watched him quickly walk back into Maintenance Access. Cisila quickly followed, as did the rest. 

The pile of corpses that the remaining crew had made...

Was gone.

# ---------[4]---------
# ---[*Malfunctions*]---
## -------[23:55, CDST]--------
## ----[August 5th, 2096]----
### -[The CSEP *Silver Pike*, Deep Space]-
### -[Cisila J. Siveta, 26]-

Climbing down into the engine and energy cell area, the group carefully made their way for the largest part of the level, near the back of the ship. Several minutes of quiet walking down in the most claustrophobic part of the ship was *just* what Cisila needed right now. She kept steady control on her breathing, and as she followed Captain Solen, her mind was buzzing with questions. Solen had spoken as if the zombies and the crew were different, like the crew had been taken over by something else. It would make sense...the extruded arms, the screaming, the odd fleshy tubes and ruined faces. The images flashed through her head - *Felipe* - but she pushed them away, feeling her lip twitch. Felipe was barely recognizable, long gone...but it didn't feel good. None of this felt good. She was just glad she didn't see...anyone else she'd recognized. A pit of worry had settled in her stomach, and seemed to grow as she remembered one of the members of the security team. Shaking her head, she followed Solen as he pushed a heavy chunk of metal out of the way, sliding it across the floor. "Okay." He sighed, stepping through. He let the rest of the *Halberd* team through before pulling the chunk of metal back in place. "That's...just for warning." Solen said, as Cisila looked at the chunk. It didn't look too sturdy. "Doesn't do much to stop them." He added, sitting down on an old crate, seemingly out of breath. "Have a seat. This is where our little haven starts, so we're...we're good. I think." Solen continued, pulling out his old pistols and beginning to field strip them, taking them apart piece by piece. Cisila sat down on the floor against a large pipe, and leaned against it. Amé, Steph, and Derrick found places to sit in the cramped area. "Right, so..." Cisila sighed, looking at Solen. "What *are* those things?" She asked again. Solen looked back at her before beginning to speak. "We're still not entirely sure, but the remnants of one of our research teams has been looking into it." Solen pulled apart the first pistol completely, and put the parts on the floor. "We had some engine malfunctions before leaving the ARC. Was just routine maintenance to us," He frowned for a moment, "But it went bad really, *really* fast." He said. "we were hit by an asteroid. A big one." Steph perked up and pulled out the piece of rock that Cisila had found. "This?" She asked. Solen nodded, "I see you've been on B-deck. Yeah," He sighed, beginning to pull apart the second pistol. "It crashed straight through the starboard side of B-deck. It was a miracle that nobody was on that side at the time. There was a brief vacuum there until the doors sealed, but everybody survived. Not that it...mattered." He lowered his voice. "The ship jumped almost immediately, sending us- here. I'm not sure where *here* is," He continued, "but it didn't take long to realize that we were stranded."

"It was only a few hours after the asteroid hit that I realized things were worse than they looked. Our systems detected something - a lot of somethings - in our vents. After we went into a drift." Solen pulled the slide off of the pistol, holding the rest of the gun so it wouldn't snap forward. "And then it was like...instant. These- *things-* these worms..." He shut his eyes and inhaled deeply, before exhaling. "...these worms took over my crew. They burrowed into their heads. Went straight for their brain and the nervous system, so says my researchers." There was a brief pause. "...How many of you would you say are left?" Derrick asked. Cisila was beginning to drift, feeling her attention waning. She had the image of the missing pile of corpses still in her head...it was horrifying. Where had they gone? Why had they- but she shook her head, pulling herself back into the conversation. "About ten. Twelve, maybe." Solen said. "It's a miracle anyone's still alive. Those worms implanted themselves in most of the ship within, like- *minutes.*" He sounded like he was still in denial. "I only survived because I carry these with me, at all times." He waved the half stripped pistol before continuing to pull it apart. "I had...I had to shoot my own crew in their heads." He whispered. "Those- those *fucking* things..." His voice broke as he gripped the pistol tightly, so tightly that you could see the pistol shake. "The remaining crew is mostly the security team, with a couple researchers." Solen continued, loosening his grip. "We've been working on trying to clear the place out, but with our limited resources, we're...struggling. I can assume the *Halberd* is here, is that right?" He asked, looking at each of the four in turn. Cisila nodded, as did Derrick. "It's docked." Cisila said, "We were hit by an asteroid, and I'm pretty sure it was identical to the one that hit you." she added. "We got locked in here-" Cisila glanced at Amé, before plowing on. "Had to kill more of them. I-" she paused. "I had to kill Felipe." Solen stared at her for a moment, confusion etched into his face. "What?" He said, staring at Cisila. She raised an eyebrow back, "You don't look...surprised." She said. "...I am." Solen said. He looked down at his pistol for a moment, his brow furrowing. He was sweating just as much as the *Halberd* team, the sweat sticking to his face. He had this grizzled look to him that he never had before, likely due to the *Pike's* mishap. "...I already killed him..." Solen whispered. "I already killed him." He repeated. "How...the fuck?" Cisila hissed quietly, before suddenly making a connection. The pile of bodies. Solen's story. "...Sir, can these things even be stopped?" She asked. "There's got to be *some* way." Steph added, "These worms- they're living things. They can't be immortal, especially if they feed off of a host." Solen nodded. "The only way to properly kill them seems to be to sever the parts of the worm that extend out from one's head."

Cisila nodded. "Yeah. I did that to a couple...and...Felipe." She said. Solen frowned, "I see...but I swear I cut that thing in two." He muttered. "These things- these things are incredibly dangerous. Only reason we're safe is because they have so many hosts and organs to feed on, and even then, they want us." Solen started sliding the pistol parts back together, slowly and carefully. "The damage on the ship is pretty severe. The worms have been through most of our systems, ripping them apart. The ship itself is basically falling apart at this point, and I'm not sure whether the engines are even going to turn back on." He sighed. "We're too far gone. And if there's another asteroid on the *Halberd,* we might be screwed." A moment of silence followed as everybody dwelled on the idea that they would either starve to death, or be torn to shreds. After a minute or so of silence, Derrick spoke up. "I'm sure the *Halberd* can handle themselves. Though..." He looked at Cisila. "We haven't gotten contact with them in, like...just over half an hour, maybe." He guessed. Cisila tapped her data device and attempted to call Kellien, feeling as though this was an adequate moment. She waited, watching the small phone icon shake and beep. Nothing happened. Her brow furrowed, and she looked up at Derrick, shaking her head. "...Still nothing, I guess..." Derrick said, leaning back against the wall. "Fuck." Solen hissed, sliding the pistol back together with a click. "I hate to admit it, but...our best bet is to leave the *Pike.*" Solen began, "There's no way this ship can be salvaged and repaired in its current state without running the risk of losing one of the worms, and letting it spread. If you can figure out a way to get back onto the *Halberd-* and if they're all fine- I can get the remnants of my crew onto the *Halberd.* Afterwards..." He looked down at the pistol again. "Afterwards, you need to leave the *Pike* here. It's not...what we should be doing, but- those worms..." He was beginning to stutter. "Those worms are- they're..." Solen sighed. "I don't feel like it's good to let anyone know of their existence." What followed was another pause, before Steph spoke up. "But- but research on these could be crucial to stopping them. And..." But she stopped. She seemed to rethink herself. "...But they're really fucking dangerous. If even one were to get out of containment, I..." She whispered. Solen nodded. "That's what I mean." He said, "We need to leave them to die on this ship." He looked at the group, "But...there's a part of me that knows I have to bring the ship back." Solen shoved the pistol back into his coat, and began putting the second one back together. "I know what it means to its creators. I can't just leave it here, but, imagine seeing your creation in this state..."

Cisila shook her head. "I'm pretty sure the two Shuttles have pre-determined locations in case of any major malfunctions. That's how we found you- since we got hit aswell." She said. "Someone knows where we are, and no matter what, someone's coming to find the *Pike*." Solen stared at her. "Fuck..." he muttered. "Then the best thing we can do is get back on the *Halberd* and help out. I can get my crew up to A-deck and through the boarding hatch just fine, but...that hatch won't open, correct?" Solen asked. "Yeah." Derrick said, "Didn't budge from the *Halberd's* end, either." He added. Solen frowned once more, and stretched. "Then I'm afraid there's only one thing you can do to get back into the ship. The cable boxes for those hatches, portside and starboard- are located outside the ship. You-" He pointed at Cisila, Amé, and Derrick, "need aech-death suits. I can give you access, but it's up to you to defend yourself and maintain the suits." He said. The three stared at Solen, considering this. "Aech-deaths could give us a serious advantage, but..." Derrick began, "...three of them were missing, sir." He said. Solen raised an eyebrow, "What?" He asked. "Three. Gone. We think there were crew in them when they got attacked by the worms." Derrick replied, sternly. There was yet another brief pause as Solen seemed deep in thought. His eyes flicked around the cramped area before settling back on Derrick. "There was nobody in those suits at the time." He finally said. Slowly, he finished sliding the pistol back together, and put his face in his hands. "That's...not good." He mumbled, through his hands. Cisila blinked, and cocked her head to the side. "Why?" She asked, quietly.

Solen looked up, into Cisila's eyes. "It means they're *learning*." He said, dreading his own words.

What Solen was suggesting...was that the zombies, controlled by the worms, seemed to be gaining some motor control.

More than what the group had seen.

The amount of time to live seemed to decrease dramatically as the group sunk into realization.

-

Back in the repair bay, Cisila pulled open the safety latches on Bay Four's HDEATH suit, unlocking it. The noises of the ship around her unsettling, and as she opened up the HDEATH suit, Derrick and Amé began to climb into theirs. Sliding herself into the bulky engineer suit, the pressure-sensitive plates in the feet pressed down as her weight came down on them, pulling the entire suit back together just like the *Halberd's* HDEATH suits. As the suit sealed in her, she felt a little calmer as the Titan Heart of the suit began to beat. "Okay," Derrick muttered, pulling himself out of Bay Five in the HDEATH. His voice was amplified in the suit via the HDEATH comms systems, and the audio was a little crunchy. "Amé, can you open the airlock?" He asked Amé as she pulled herself out of Bay Six. "Yeah." She said, and she stomped over to the airlock. "We could just...leave them now, you know." Amé said. "We could pretty easily get back to the *Halberd.*" Derrick watched Amé, his face obscured by the visor of the HDEATH. "But that's not how we do things." Derrick responded. "We can't just leave our sister ship to die." Amé continued to pull open the airlock, and the giant, heavy doors slid open. "Fine." Amé muttered, "But I hate this whole thing." Slowly, the group stomped into the airlock, the servos and joints of the HDEATH suits whirring. They were loud, and it was a miracle that nothing had found them. Cisila pulled up the suit's HUD and called Solen. He answered, almost immediately. "We're about to shut the airlock behind us and head for the rear of the ship from the portside repair bay." She rattled off. "Great!" Solen said, "There *should* be nothing outside, so you're all good. If you're feeling lucky, you can head into B-deck's starboard side and see if there's anything you can salvage from there. That side was mostly weapons, so I doubt that much of it was important." He continued. "Now, if you're ready. Shut the airlock doors behind you, and set yourselves free." Cisila nodded, and she turned towards Derrick and Amé. Derrick pulled a lever down and the giant doors snapped shut with a heavy *thunk.* The airlock then began to suck out all the air around them, as the HDEATH suits went into vacuum mode. Their magnetic feet activated, keeping the group planted as the exterior doors slowly slid open. "Remember." Derrick said, thunking towards the opening. "We're coming straight back in afterwards. Once we fix the hatch, all we need to do is head back up." He turned his head towards Amé, glaring daggers at her from underneath the visor. Cisila made sure the HDEATH's repair tools were all functional, and then she deactivated the magnetic boots and floated her way past Amé and Derrick, before turning on the repulsors and directing herself towards the rear of the ship. As she went, Cisila watched the *Halberd* from the visor of her helmet. It was almost too quiet, but the lights were still on. She thought she could see people in the windows, but at this distance, it was too far to tell. Cautiously, she held a hand up and waved, trying to see if anybody could see her. Derrick and Amé, now trailing behind her on their own repulsors, watched the *Halberd* aswell. The pinpricks of figures waved back ecstatically. "They're alive..." Cisila muttered, lowering her hand. "That's...wow." Derrick said, surprised. "I didn't think..." He stopped himself and shook his head. 

A few minutes of silent floating followed as they flew through space towards the rear of the *Silver Pike*. The giant ship loomed over them as they, having come from D-deck's portside repair bay, were pretty low on the ship. A giant monolith, filled with corpses and only a few survivors. Cisila stared up at the higher decks, B and A-deck. They had only been through the main hallways of A-deck and one floor of B-deck, and a lot of the ship was still left unexplored, or completely inaccessible. The starboard side of B-deck's first floor...the security hub...even the bridge. As she glided through space, Cisila couldn't help but feel like, even if they repaired the hatch, it wouldn't be much help. Amé did have a point about just leaving, but...there were still people on the ship that Cisila needed to know were still alive...or...or not. She pushed the thought out of her head as she finally got around to the rear of the ship. The giant engines looked mostly fine, but they were just...off. No lights, nothing. Not even any sparking. And that was an incredibly bad sign for Loop engines, Cisila reminded herself, as she glided towards the cable boxes for the boarding hatches. Derrick and Amé trailed behind her, looking for any other damage as she magnetically attached herself to the side of the ship. The cable boxes were large, and it took a lot of strength - even with the HDEATH suit - to pull them open. Inside, there were a lot of wires, most of which were frayed and chewed. Cisila reached a hand in and tried to find the emergency activation switch hidden in the back, which would temporarily re-activate the hatch's power for about an hour and a half. She wasn't sure she could permanently fix the hatch due to the missing wires and chewed power cables, but the emergency activation would re-route another part of the ship's power into the boarding hatches. Finding the clunky switch in the cable box, Cisila flipped it. *Click.* She waited. The HDEATH suit, connected to the ship's interfaces, *should* tell her if the power was rerouting. But nothing happened. Cisila flicked it again. Panic overtook her as she flicked it two more times. Nothing happened. No beep. No notification. The hatch seemed to be completely cut off from the power. Dejectedly, and despite knowing it wouldn't do anything, she flicked it one more time. Again, there was nothing. She hit the metal of the ship with her other hand and pulled away from the cable box, shutting it. "Wires have been chewed through. Frayed. Emergency activation doesn't do anything." Cisila told the group, looking back. Derrick and Amé were floating near the engines, looking for damage. "*Fuck.*" Derrick hissed. "If it won't open, then the crew has no way out. We can't carry them through space." He said. "There's got to be something you can do..." Amé muttered, floating down to Cisila. "I *could* try welding the wires back together, but the aech-death welders are way too heavy duty for wires like this." Cisila said. "I'm not even sure it would do anything..." she sighed. 

Amé stared at the cable boxes, unsure of what to do either. Derrick looked out at the *Halberd*, before turning back towards the group. "We need to-" He began, but stopped. Cisila and Amé stared at the cable box. Something had hit the door, denting it from the inside. And then again. *Thunk.* "...What the fuck?" Cisila hissed, deactivating the magnetics of the suit and drawing away from the cable box door. Amé cautiously drew away aswell. Another *thunk* and the cable box's door snapped off of its hinges, barreling out into space. An oversized fleshy worm started slithering out from the box, and almost immediately, Derrick lunged forward to grab it. "IT'S ONE OF THOSE...*THINGS!*" He yelled, grabbing onto it. The HDEATH's hands with their immense pressure almost immediately crushed the part of the worm that Derrick grabbed onto, but it wasn't enough. It continued to wriggle. Derrick ripped it in half. The two parts of the worm floated away as he let go of them. "Gross..." He hissed. "We need to get back inside." Derrick said, finishing his sentence from earlier. "There's nothing we can do out here. I'm pretty sure the engines have completely flatlined." He continued, before beginning to navigate his way back to the portside repair bay airlock. Sighing, Cisila followed, as did Amé. A few minutes later, as they were gliding along the portside of the ship, both the *Pike* and the *Halberd* shifted suddenly. "What the..." Derrick groaned. The *Pike* made a horrible clanging noise as the metal creaked and groaned, like a monster in space. Landing in front of the airlock, Cisila turned to look at the Halberd, only to hear a giant, horrible screeching noise as the *Halberd's* boarding tubes suddenly snapped off of the *Pike's* boarding hatch. The three froze, watching the tube drift away from the boarding hatch. It looked as though the entire thing had been chewed through. The crew of the *Halberd* had to be panicking. "What...the fuck...?" Cisila muttered, before quickly calling Solen as the three watched the boarding tube drift away, and snap off from the *Halberd*. Its own boarding hatch was sealed, keeping the crew inside safe. "What was that?!" Solen worried as he answered the call. "That...was the *Halberd's* boarding tube." Cisila said, dejectedly. "It just detached from the *Pike.*" Solen took a moment to respond, seemingly in shock. Cisila felt numb, herself. "That- that means..." He mumbled. "Fuck, we're stuck here. Fuck. *FUCK*." Solen raised his voice. Amé cut him off before he could scream in a panic, "Hang on, Solen." She said. "There's still a few things we can try." Cisila looked at Amé, surprised that she would suggest to help. "We can manually reroute power to the boarding hatch and reconnect with the *Halberd* using your own boarding tube. The ship's probably not going to move." Amé said. "Okay." Solen said, exasperated. "Okay...you'd need to go up to A-deck to do that. It might take a while, and...I'm not sure what's happened to all those zombies. It's been extremely quiet." Cisila pulled open the airlock, and got one last look at the detached boarding tube. It had been their one sure way to get back with all of the crew, and now, everything seemed uncertain. For now, they'd just have to head back up to A-deck and try to reroute any remaining power to the boarding tube, and get it to attach to the *Halberd.* 

Once they got back into the *Pike*, the three attempted to leave the repair bay in the HDEATH suits. Once on, there was no reason to take them off. But as Cisila stomped towards the exit, the suit stopped moving. It froze. "Huh?" She muttered, trying to move her legs. "What...the..." Derrick groaned again. His suit, too, stopped moving. As did Amé's. A giant warning appeared, plastered over the HDEATH's hud. *LOW POWER*, it read. "FUCK." Cisila yelled, quickly pulling herself out of the suit. Immediately, she felt *pissed.* How had these suits not been on charge? How could they die like that? Why hadn't they died outside instead?! She'd rather *be* dead than have to deal with this. Invincibility had been in their hands until *right now.* She kicked the leg of the suit, only to feel her foot hurt. Grunting, she turned towards the other two, who had climbed out of their suits aswell. "...Outta luck, I guess." Amé muttered. Derrick just looked tired. "Up...to A-deck it is, then." He mumbled. Cisila nodded, and left the repair bay.

To get up at A-deck, they'd have to go back up the central staircase and through B-deck. 

They've have to go past the missing pile of corpses.

# ---------[5]---------
# --[*ERROR.327.FAILSAFE*]--
## -------[00:23, CDST]--------
## ----[August 6th, 2096]----
### -[The CSEP *Silver Pike*, Deep Space]-
### -[Cisila J. Siveta, 26]-

Exiting D-deck and out onto the lowest level of the central staircase, Cisila stared at the massive puddle of blood where the corpses had been. Derrick carefully walked past it and began to head up the stairs. Amé followed, and before Cisila followed, she called Steph on her data device. Quickly, Steph answered. "I heard what happened. It seems like these worms- whatever they are- are hungry enough to eat metal." She said. "And without a connection to the *Halberd...*" Cisila cut Steph off. "We're working on that. We're heading back up to A-deck to reroute any remaining power in the ship that isn't essential - to the hatch." Cisila said. "We're gonna re-dock the *Pike* to the *Halberd* via the *Pike's* boarding tube, since the *Halberd's* one just...broke." Steph sighed. "Fuuuck-" She hissed, "And now that pile of...dead people is gone. You might have more of *them* to deal with." Cisila nodded. "Yeah. We'll...we'll get through it. Are you alright down there?" She asked. "I think so." Steph muttered. "Pretty cramped, but at least I'm not sitting in blood." Amé waved at Cisila, getting her attention. "Hey! Come on!" She yelled down the stairs. Sighing, Cisila said goodbye to Steph and ended the call, jogging up the stairs. Each step thunked in quick succession as she caught up to Derrick and Amé, who had peered down one of the hallways to C-deck, the crew quarters and relaxation areas. "Something wrong?" Cisila asked, looking down the hallway. "...Thought I saw something move along the wall." Derrick muttered. He pulled his nightvision goggles down and stared down the hallway. "Nothing, I guess." He said. Then, just as Cisila turned around to continue up the stairs, the ship's announcement system came to life with a *ding.* The three jumped from the surprise, only to hear crushing news. The rough automated voice belonging to the *Pike* began to speak. "Oxygen levels on *A-DECK* are at *Zero. Percent.*" It explained. Cisila opened her mouth in shock, her brow furrowing. "W- *What?*" Cisila sputtered. "FUCK." Derrick spat. "Motherfucker- this ship really *is* falling apart...we need to get up there..." He muttered. Amé grabbed both of their shoulders. "Oxygen maintenance is on C-deck, near the back. We can go there and *fix it* ourselves." She hissed. Cisila turned towards the hallway of C-deck and stared down it. Another pitch-black hallway smeared with blood. Moreso than she thought was there before, when they passed earlier...sighing, Derrick began to walk down the hallway, pulling out his plasma welder. Cisila followed, and bringing up the rear was Amé. Both of them pulled out their welders aswell, and Cisila pulled out the half-empty energy cell with a click, and she slid in a new one and pulled the activation hammer on the back of the welder, akin to a pistol. The welder whirred and came back to life as the energy cell activated.

Cisila pulled the second part of the welder off of her tool belt and slid the two parts together, making the welder larger. It turned into a plasma rifle. The globs of plasma would likely travel further and burn harder, but it would be an even slower shot than the pistol configuration. The two parts *clicked* together and the welder whirred again, as a slanted grip flipping out under the front barrel so Cisila could comfortably wield the welder. "Good thinking..." Amé said, checking that she still had the second part to her welder. She didn't attach it, and instead opted to keep the pistol configuration, as it was probably easier to use for her. The group slowly continued down the hallway, with Derrick leading. His eyes were glued to the wall at the end of the hallway, where there were two routes. Left, and right. On either side of them as they walked were other branches, heading into the cafeterias. Currently, they were heading starboard, just under where B-deck's structural failure was, and where the asteroid with the worms had come from. Or at least, she guessed they had come from the asteroid. There were no facilities on the ship that harboured living beings, especially brain-stabbing, zombie making worms. Cisila slowed down, watching the end of the hallway. Out of the corner of her eye, she thought she had seen something. Derrick slowed down too, raising his plasma welder. "Oxygen maintenance is...to the left. When we turn there, the hallway should lead us *straight* to it." Derrick muttered. "This is going to be fine..." He slowly rounded the corner with his welder held out at arm's length, gripping onto it with both his hands. Nothing happened as he went around the corner, briefly disappearing from Cisila's view. She followed quickly, checking that Amé was still behind her. She was following closely, and Cisila presumed that she was checking every corner of her vision constantly. Amé was *extremely* observant. "What *was* that thing?" Amé asked, watching the wall as she too rounded the corner, "It was on the wall, wasn't it?" She added. "Don't have time to worry." Derrick said. "Just- let's just- keep going." He insisted, speeding up. His boots thunked against the metal faster, while the other two sped up aswell. The footsteps echoed off the walls, and as they did, Cisila heard an odd noise fill her ears. It sounded akin to a deep, booming horn...but the *Pike* had no horns. Neither did the *Halberd.* It was too close to be coming from outside, she thought, when it happened again. This time, it was accompanied by the loud, crunchy screech of metal grinding together. Cisila stopped briefly, and realized what it was. *The entire ship is falling apart. Of course pieces of it and smashing together...* It was coming from above. It had to be B-deck's superstructure as it lost its strength. The deep, grinding groan of the metal filled their ears again. She felt herself flinch, before continuing onwards. 

After a few more minutes of walking in silence, their footsteps echoing off the walls, the three made it to the back of the ship, and found the giant oxygen maintenance area. The tanks of oxygen were massive, and barely visible. Cisila peered through the windshield, trying to see if any of them had been ruptured. None of them had, and neither had the oxygen pipes connected to every floor. "Everything looks good in there," She muttered. Derrick walked over to one of the digital panels and turned it on, where it blared a message in bold red letters. *OXYGEN ON A-DECK DEACTIVATED.* It read. The text switched out to *REACTIVATE* after a few seconds, before disappearing and bringing up the normal interface for oxygen management. "...Someone turned it off?" Amé wondered aloud, peering over Derrick's shoulder. Cisila watched, frowning. "Uh...it seems like it." Derrick responded, before tapping A-deck on the management panel, bringing up its menu. In the top left corner, the panel indicated that the oxygen had been turned off manually just as they had gotten out onto the central staircase. "That's...odd." Derrick said, tapping the *REACTIVATE* option. "Why would someone turn it..." he paused, blinking. Droplets of blood had begun to pitter-patter against the screen. *Plip. Plip.*  "...Off...?" He finished, slowly looking up. Slowly, Cisila and Amé looked up aswell. The blood was coming from a large, mutilated pair of crew corpses merged together horribly. The blood came from the only head, dripping from its mouth. Its jaw moved subtly as it breathed, and it began to breathe loudly, uncomfortably so when the group noticed it. It stayed in place, glued to the ceiling. Its arms (or legs? Cisila couldn't tell) twitched with even the slightest movement. Cisila felt her heart drop and her feet felt unmovable. It was like a high-noon showdown between the group and the thing on the ceiling, each party was frozen, waiting for the other to do something. Derrick stared up in fear, being right underneath it. The corpse's eyes were hollowed out, and it wasn't clear how it could see. The worms had dug through the entire body and had not only mutilated it, but assimilated it with another. The fleshy extensions, or the worms, peeked out from random parts of the body. They had grown to the point that they needed more space. Cisila forced herself to move, backing up and raising the welder in a panicked movement, and Amé quickly moved back, aiming her own welder at the ceiling. Derrick was frozen in place, too horrified to move. This was the closest he had gotten to one of the former crew members, and having it be above him felt horrible. Maybe it was someone he had known once, but whoever it was, they were unrecognizable. The worms, whatever they really were, had mutilated the corpses beyond measure. The thing on the ceiling continued to breathe in a rasp, dripping blood on the oxygen maintenance panel. It had blared the message of *A-DECK OXYGEN ONLINE* while Derrick stared upwards, and it was then that he realized something. It had been this *thing* that had turned off the A-deck oxygen, in a bid that they would come back here to turn it back on. It *knew.* It had knowledge of the ship's layout. It was like the three had flown right into a spider's web, and had gotten stuck. None of the three could force themselves to move as the thing on the ceiling continued to twitch. It was painful to watch it, but nobody could take their eyes off of it. 

Suddenly, with a crunchy *snap,* the corpse's jaw opened further. It had been dislocated from the rest of the skull. Almost immediately after this, Derrick's fight or flight sense kicked in. And it told him to *run.* He immediately broke into a sprint down the hallway, where there was a right turn back to the hallway they had come from. "**RUN!**" He screamed at the other two, and just as quickly, Cisila and Amé sprinted after him as the corpse emitted a high-pitched, bloodcurdling scream that filled the hallways. As the three sped up, the unnerving sound of scuttling followed them as their heavy strides echoed off the walls. The scuttling *thunked* and *clunked* against the ceiling and the walls in a rapid manner, and it seemed that no matter how hard they ran, the scuttling was just behind them. Amé looked behind herself, only to see the mutilated corpse and its limbs awkwardly crawling along the ceiling. She raised her welder as she ran, and pulled the trigger. The glob of plasma blasted straight at the thing, hitting it square in the chest (Chest? She wasn't sure.) and it screamed as the plasma burned through it, but it didn't stop. It *sped up.* Amé felt fear strike its way up her spine as she saw it move faster, only for her feelings to get amplified. Her foot hit the head of another corpse, and for a moment, she was airborne. Her welder flew out of her hand as she slammed into the metal floor. "AMÉ!?" Cisila screamed, sliding to a stop and whirling around. Derrick stopped and wheeled around aswell, immediately opening fire with his welder. As fast as he could fire - which wasn't very fast at all - he shot at the corpse. Most of the plasma globs missed and burned into the metal of the ship. Amé tried to pull herself up and reach for her welder, but the mutilated corpse dropped from the ceiling and latched onto her arm. Its grip was strong, and it not only latched onto her arm, but her head aswell. It felt as though its long fingers, despite being stretched and weak, could crush her skull. "AMÉ!" Cisila screamed again, raising the two-handed welder and aiming it at the corpse. There was not enough space between Amé and the corpse to safely fire it. The corpse, in a sudden and awkward movement, snapped Amé's left arm the completely wrong way. Her horrific scream filled the hallway, and Cisila felt herself flinch. "Amé...!" Derrick echoed. Cisila almost pulled the trigger, but in a moment of quick thinking, Amé pulled out her normal torch welder from it sholster and blasted it into the corpse's face. The flames covered its face and it recoiled, letting go of Amé. As soon as it got far enough away from her, Cisila pulled the trigger on the welder. The plasma glob that fired was larger than the smaller welder configuration, and burned brighter. It burned straight into the corpse, causing it to screech again and retreat. Two more times, Cisila pulled the trigger. Both of the globs missed, however, as the corpse scuttled away and onto the ceiling. It disappeared into the dark, down another hallway on C-deck. Slowly, Cisila lowered the welder. Derrick wiped sweat from his forehead as Cisila ran over to Amé and kneeled next to her, slinging the welder over her shoulder. "Amé..." Cisila said, grabbed Amé's shoulder. Amé's breathing was shaky, and tears were welling up in her ears. The blood from the creature had trickled down and seeped into Amé's outfit. "Amé!" Cisila repeated, shaking her shoulder. Amé's eyes seemed to be distant, her pupils tiny. She was alive, but for this moment, she was unresponsive. "Fuck..." Derrick said, running over and kneeling next to her. He pulled out a piece of plastic shaped in a thin rectangle, and held it up to Amé. "Open your mouth and bite down on this." He said, and Amé blinked. Some life returned to her eyes, but she still didn't speak. Opening her mouth, Derrick placed the thick piece of plastic into her mouth and she bit down on it. "This is going to hurt." Derrick said, grabbing her left arm. Gingerly, he lifted it up and inhaled.

He snapped it back into place, and Amé winced.
